Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to a new video. It's been a good while since I uploaded a video last. It was probably two or even maybe two and a half or three years ago. Uh I don't want to get into it too much. Uh why I didn't upload stuff. Uh long story short, as many of you know, I took a job as a software engineer which basically consumed all of my time. Uh still wanted to have some free time and family time. Also moved to a different city and all this kind of stuff. So, I didn't really get to record any YouTube videos or YouTube content in the past years. So, uh now I visited home, my old studio basically. I'm sitting in it right now. Uh without my old setup. All my stuff is in my uh new location, all my recording stuff. Uh but I did found the old SEO merch and stuff. And I thought like h actually I kind of have a itch to record some content again and some videos because I'm working on uh tons of interesting stuff at the moment. Uh in terms of software development I am heavily invested in all the cutting edge AI technology that is available right now like cloud code cursor all these AI coding tools. Uh now I'm not uh a vibe coder uh the in in that term. Uh I have a background now in software development. I'm actually a senior software engineer now. And um I'm using the AI tools more or less uh as a tool for me not to vibe code stuff 100%. Even though I sometimes do some projects for fun where I try to see how far I can get with just using tools and minimal input from my end. Um, and yeah, that got me thinking that I probably have some interesting stuff to share with you guys. Uh, in terms of my workflow, in terms of what tools I'm using, in terms of what is possible right now, uh, I just recently, it's not even officially launched. I'm going to launch this Sunday officially, but the app is already live. It's called, uh, easyearning tracker.com. That's my first SAS that I built with the help of AI tools. I'm using Nex.js JS Superbase for authentication and strive for payments. And I built this tool that helps content creators to track their income from multiple sources because we usually uh get income from uh YouTube, we get maybe Instagram, we get Udemy, uh we get some affiliate stuff, we get some sponsorship stuff and sometimes those things also come in different kind of currencies. So uh I was always struggling at the end of the year to manage my tax with all the currency conversions using a Excel sheet and it really annoyed me. So I thought about building something that I actually want to use myself and that's what that tool is. Um it's not an ad for that. Uh you can check it out if you want. Um, point being I built that using AI tools and I learned a ton while building it and I thought, yeah, maybe we can do kind of a like built in public thing using AI tools. That also gives you some insights on how I work with AI tools. Um, how we can utilize them if you can use them when you have zero coding background. Uh, which makes it obviously more difficult because you will oversee some things. Um, but more on that later. I think that's kind of the the intro that should cover everything to get you back on track. Uh, since I haven't recorded a video in more than 2 years. Um, and what I want to do today is basically take my old link tree clone that I built 3 years ago or something using Next.js. Uh, it's outdated now. The links are not up to date anymore. The design is definitely not up to date anymore. I built that completely manually. Back in the day, there was no AI coding tools. And uh I want to use this as a first example of how I would use AI tools, more specifically cloud code in that case. Um to refactor an old app like that and you can see how long that will take, how my process is of doing it, uh what I recommend in terms of tools. Um, side note, I'm on the uh Claude Code Pro plan, so the $20 plan. I don't have any fancy plans yet. So far, I could manage pretty well with my uh token limits of Cloud Code. Um, didn't do anything crazy. I think I ran into the limits maybe five times or so when I did really when I really had a heavy usage. Um yeah but overall you can get started really cheap. All of the stuff most of the stuff that we are doing is free tier based like superbase free tier versel uh stripe all these kinds of things you can get started with for free or very cheap if you want to use cloud code pro which I recommend over the API because it's much cheaper. Um yeah I think with that out of the way let's jump right in. I show you what we are going to work on. So what we are going to work on is my old uh link tree clone. This is my Twitter uh page and I have it linked here because I had too many links uh to put them all into Twitter. So I created kind of a link tree thing on my own that is hosted for free over at Netlifi. Uh if you're interested in the in the code like you I can basically make it public and uh let you guys use it if you wanted to. Um but yeah, that's the link right here. So that's the main Twitter link. And if I'm going to open it, uh yeah, that's how it looks like. That snap I built with my basic design knowledge uh back in the day to have a place where I can store all of my links um all my important links where I can update links pretty easily. I completely forgot how the app was how the structure of the app is and everything. So that's I think it's a really good example of um showing you guys how I would approach such a project especially with AI tools like how would I start work on those tools uh on those projects and uh what the best way of getting started would be. So I uh obviously cloned the the GitHub repo and I'm just going to open that in VS Code. Now, as many of you know, cloud code is a terminal based uh app tool. Um, but I still use VS Code or Cursor depends on which IDE you are using. You can combine both. You can have a cursor pro subscription for $20 and a cloud code subscription. And you could you could use both of them at the same time or copilot or whatever. Uh but the main reason being why I'm using uh VS code with plot code is because it has IDE integration which means that uh I show you that in a second when you edit some files or something you can directly click on it and it will appear over in uh VS code. So there is a plugin available for cloud code. It's the official uh plugin. It's called cloud code for VS code. And when you have that installed, you can see that there is this little cloud logo. Uh, and once you click on it, you open a terminal inside of VS Code with cloud code. Basically, that's all uh there is to it. Um, so we have this repo here. If you look at in the package JSON, it's a super standard uh Nex.js app, probably a very dated version of Nex.js. Um yeah it's next 13 and react 18. So uh first thing I would probably do is upgrade all the dependencies. Uh we are also using font awesome but very very basic stuff very basic repository. So if you want to run that locally I just open up a terminal. We run npmi to install all the dependencies and then we can start our local development server and run the app locally. That's already it. And I think we can run it by npm rundev. Yeah, there we go. And uh now we should have access to the app locally. And right here it is. So um now that we have it locally running, we can actually go ahead and check how the basic structure is. As I said, I completely forgot. I think it's really easy implementation. Uh yeah, so here are the links with an ID. Don't even know why I used that ID in the first place, but it's really really easy. It's basically a links array and uh that is probably rendered in the page. I forgot how this was. It's not even TypeScript. Um but I think Oh, it's even rendered right in here in this component. Um but that doesn't matter. Uh that's not the point. Uh I'm not going to go through there manually at all. That's not the point of the video. The point of the video is to use cloud code to to help us refactor this and make it nicer and update it and stuff like this. So the first thing I would do is I would open cloud code in VS code and that's just basically starting a cloud code instance. You could do that in a external terminal as well. However you wanted to uh you just need to give it permission first. So you click on proceed and um the first thing I always do when I come to a new project is running an init command and the init command if you make a slash here you can see all the available commands uh that you can run it I it feels like every day there are new commands coming to it but for now we just need the init command and what the init command is doing is it's generating a new cloud MD file uh that cloud code generates itself with a project overview for itself. If you wouldn't do that, uh, every time you start a new chat, cloud would need to go out again and check your entire project structure to understand the application, which obviously uses a up a lot of tokens. And to avoid that, you can do that initially. And every time from there on out, cloud will first look at this cloud MD file to check its own documentation basically or whatever you write in there about your application and has the information right there. So it doesn't need to go through all the files every time you start a new chat. That makes sense. So we go to init and now it's uh analyzing our codebase. This might take a while. It says it's making a to-do list for itself and it's just analyzing it, checking all the paths, checking all the components. It should be done really quickly because this app is tiny. Uh now it's checking if there is a uh existing documentation which is not the case except this readme MD this this default one from Nex.js JS and now it's creating the uh cloud MD file already which we will have a look at in a second and once that's created I also show you how the uh VS code integration is working and why it's cool to use it inside of VS Code we can basically uh stop the app for now we don't need to run it in the background and then it's always in the beginning it's always asking you uh to execute commands to use tools to write files etc. And you can see the file right here. So, it automatically opened the file that it's just created inside of VS Code. So, you can already see how big of an advantage that is because you can just um rev the stuff that it's doing right here in VS Code, which is obviously much more convenient than in the terminal. So, let's just have a quick glance here. Uh it literally says this file provides guidance to code. That's exactly what it does and supposed to do. And then it gets an it wrote a project overview. This is a link tree style application for us Stephan Rose uh featuring a personal link aggregation page with social links courses and blog content. The application directing talent says for styling and font awesome icons. Then it tells the or itself documents uh how to start the app what framework and text stack we are using. So you can see this is a very high level overview of the application. Even it uses some uh backdrop filters. It notes that here that we have like a blurry background thing. Uh it's a responsive design with mobile first approach, semi-transparent backgrounds, blah blah blah. All this kind of stuff. It even has the link management structure in here as a template for itself. So it doesn't always need to look that up if we want to add a new link. Pretty cool. Pretty good stuff. So we say yes, you can make this you can make this edit. try to make the terminal a bit bigger for you and what I usually do in that case is yes and don't ask again this session because I don't want to be asked every time for that it's the whole point of using this tool uh is to have less work so we are going to do that and um yeah now we have we should have our claw MD file right here with all the initial instructions Okay, now that we have the start set, um, we can go on. By the way, this is not a cloud code beginner tutorial per se. If you want something like that, like really to get it set up from the start, let me know. I shall provide it for you. This is I I will not go into every single command I'm using and explaining it in great detail. Uh, I just cut into it. And if you want to learn more, let me know. I try to provide that for you. So the next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to clear the context because I want to start fresh with the next task that I will be working on. So now I'm going to switch into plan mode. Actually, let me think. Yeah, let's go into plan mode. You go into plan mode by pressing the shift and tap key on your keyboard. And you can see the indicator here that tap uh that plan mode is on now. And if you switch through, you can switch through those different things. So, the the edit mode and the plan mode basically are the ones that you're going to use. And I always use plan mode as often as I can to plan and brainstorm things out before I actually work on the implementation because the next thing I want to do is to tell Claude uh to give me some help for creating sub agents. Now, sub agents are a pretty new feature. that just came out a couple of days ago in the beginning of August 2025. Uh which means basically you can create your own agents inside of cloud code and those agents will help you to first uh have faster response times. So it's better to use agent. It it it speeds up your workflow if you use agents instead of doing everything in the same context because as the context gets longer, the responses take longer, the performance gets down and you also wind up uh using more tokens usually. So what you're going to do is you create an agent for every possible task that you might have. So in that case from the top of my head what I would need here would be a uh project dependency upgrade specialist if that's even a thing but I would create an agent around this topic. Uh I would create a uh probably Nex.js specialist, a uh UI UI component designer or UX designer and uh yeah I think we don't we don't need that many agents in this in this project. For instance, in the um performance uh in the earnings tracker app, I have a superbase specialist. I have a stripe integration specialist. I have a database specialist. I have a UI component specialist specialized on shed CN and Tailwind CSS. I have an XJS specialist. You get the idea. So I basically outsource most of the stuff that I'm doing to agents and cloud code is doing that automatically usually like if you if it has if it hears some keywords like I want to create a new uh UI component it will automatically invoke the UI UX designer specialist agent to do the task to forward the task to him and then produce the result from there. So, uh, what I'm going to do now in plan mode is, um, I want to create some agents for this project. I need a agent description for each agent and a recommendation of what agents we need for this particular project. And uh then I also want to tell him I'm also planning on upgrading all the dependencies dependencies to the latest versions like Nex.js and React. So also give me an agent for that task. Okay, let's see what it comes up with. Usually I have a very good experience from that. Um otherwise you have to type the description obviously on your own if you want to create those agents. Um it just saves some time and he has the information anyway or she however it um so it makes it much easier to to get the project or the the AI set up off the ground. So here we go. So what does it recommend? Agents to create link content manager manage link tree content updates. Uh nextJS component developer handle dependency upgrade specialist safely upgrade next year's rect dependencies styling and UI enhancer build and performance optimizer implementation approach. Create agent descriptions following cloud code agent patterns. Focus on dependency upgrade specialist first. Uh uh uh yeah okay so we don't need to in this case because we need to create the agents ourselves. I think it cannot create it through the prompt here. So I'm going to go to no key planning and then I'm switching back to the uh edit mode. I think it probably doesn't matter but the only thing I really want is all of this here. So I'm going down here and I'm going to type / agents and then I will create a new agent. So there is always a top level agent which is the built-in which is your main chat context. So that's always there. And now I'm going to create a new agent and I want to create it inside of the project context and then I want to generate it with cloud. So now we go up again and uh we have a link content manager. I don't think we need that. Sometimes it's like a little bit overdoing it, but uh we don't need anybody who is specializing in link arrays in this case. That's for sure. Um but we need we can use a NexJS component developer. That sounds good. So we just drop that in here. And now it's generating the agent configuration for that. And the agent configuration will be found in the do.clot folder usually which it probably going to create in a second. Let's see what it comes up with. All right, there we go. So you can then go ahead if you wanted to and allow or disallow some tools for the agent. This would theoretically make it more performant if you fine-tune all of these. But uh so if you say it would never probably need to do web search or get diagnostics or whatever um it would probably make the agent faster but for this case I don't care uh it should be fine as it is. So I'm going to just go to continue. And then you can also choose uh which kind of model you want to use for this agent. So, if you have something uh that is really simple like um I don't know generate prompts or optimize prompts, you might use haiku or something like that. Uh I just have access to solid because I'm on the pro plan. If you would have the $100 subscription, I believe you would have uh access to OPOS or you can just go to inherit from parent, but for now obviously we leave it at sonet. And yeah, then you can give it a color. It doesn't matter for us. And we hit enter to create the agent. And once that's created, you can see all of your agents uh instructions right in here as a markdown file. So if you're familiar with the Astro web framework, for example, this is the uh what's it called? Font matter, front matter, something like this. Uh I forgot the name. Sorry. Um but it's a familiar structure. It's a markdown file in here. So this is all the instructions. So you can see it's very extensive in some cases. Um, yeah, it's a specialist for this particular task. Okay, so now we're creating the next agent and we're just going to run through that and I would then go ahead and choose the next one. So, we definitely need the dependency upgrade specialist and I just seen I actually copy and pasted the purpose instead of the description, but that's fine because that's what we actually need. So then we go ahead and do the next one. And it even tells it what kind of the current versions are. All right. So we're going to do that. And I'm not going to take you through all of them because I'm going to repeat that for the styling and UI enhancer and the build and performance optimizer. I think those are the two I will still generate. And I will quickly do that and then we continue. Okay, I'm almost done here. And um this is the last one. That's the next.js optimizer. So we have a React component builder, NextJ.js dependency upgrader, Tailwind design manager. That's a weird name. Uh you can definitely optimize on these names if you put more effort into it, but this is just for demonstration purposes anyway. Uh and then the nextJS optimizer. Now, one last thing that it didn't recommend, but what I always do in every project from now on because I found it to be really valuable um is create the last agent. And the last agent will be our senior or let's put it that way. You are a senior software engineer specialized in NextJS, React and Tailwind CSS as well as modern uh responsive web design or web development, however you want to name it. Your job is to make sure all of our code is bulletproof and according to best practices. You review the code of all other agents. Make sure all is uh yeah that's what we don't need to repeat. Uh and then I just add ultra sync. That's what some people recommend on the internet. I'm not even sure it's it's doing anything, but some people they say it does. So, just let's let's put it in there and um then we are basically ready to get to get started with coding and uh to improve the app or more or less to first migrate uh the dependencies to the latest versions and then we will work slash rework the design of the site. Now that we have that all done, I clear the context once again and um now we are actually going to start working on upgrading the dependencies. I want to upgrade the dependencies of this project to the latest version. Make sure to consult our specialist just to make sure. Okay. Uh and I go to plan mode for that as well. So we first do the plan mode and we throw that in there and see what it comes up with. And now if everything goes according to plan, it should consult with a specialist in a moment. There it goes. So it's saying it's going to consult. And here it's calling the NexJS dependency upgrader that we have just created. So that's working well. So it's always like it's also collaborating between each other. So, they're kind of throwing the ideas around between them, which also gives you an extra layer of uh I don't want to say quality, but like an extra pair of AI eyes to look at the potential stuff they come up with. So, let's look how that goes. Now, uh it's an extensive list. It's researching the latest versions. It's probably going out to the internet. It's identifying breaking changes, which is great. Uh, then it creates a plan. Then it's updating package JSON. It's probably going to I'm not sure what the jump was from NextJS 13, but we'll see. It should handle this task fairly confidently without the need of us doing too much, I would say. But let's see. All right, it came up with a plan. So, based on the specialist analysis, here's the comprehensive upgrade plan. So next is link replication. So first thing current versus target versions. Uh it goes to the latest stable from this version. It goes to the latest React 18 version. I think React 19 is already available. So let's see about that. Uh major upgrade on font. Awesome. It's going to the latest 3.x version of Tailwind which is fine for this app. We don't need to go to Tailwind 4. It has some breaking changes I think if you upgrade to Tailwind 4. Um other dependencies. Yeah, just upgrading that as well. Key changes package JSON updates found awesome migration. Uh the next JS image component, it deprecated the layout fill in avatar.js X great that it found that directly so we can directly implement the change. Um risk assessment is low to medium. pages router remains fully supported and I'm wondering if it's going from next 13 to next 14 or from next 13 to the latest last version of next 13. We will see. Uh and the main breaking change is the nextJS image API. So okay, sounds good for me and I want to say yes and auto accept edits because I don't want to be involved in accepting every change. I really don't care. have the project saved on uh GitHub. Anyway, by the way, important side note, if you do this and you accept auto edits, make sure always make sure you have a working version of your application saved on GitHub where you can potentially revert back to a working state. Uh because this is not copilot or cursor where you can just uh undo the latest changes. You could always if you use git you can always go to uh the the version control or source control page here and if you want to revert everything if you are uh on git you can always go through here and say okay I didn't want to create this agent so you just click on the uh discard changes button here which will then delete the file and treats it as if it never existed. Okay, it already updated the uh package JSON to the latest versions. So, we can see it actually went to next 15 from 13, which is two major versions. That's great. It did not go to React 19. We'll see about that in a second. And now it wants to run npm install. And I'm going to say yes and don't ask again. So, since we now allowed it to run npm commands, it automatically generated this settings. local uh JSON file inside of the cloud folder. And this file is basically a rules file for cloud code where it saves what tools you allowed it to use in this context of this particular project. So it's not global, it's just for this project. So every time you click on yes and don't ask again and it's a tool, it will write it in here for the next time you can commit this to git and you will not be asked again. uh in case it does something what you have previously allowed, you can drop it over into the deny field if you wanted to uh into the deny um array and uh then it would be denied obviously. So here is npm audit fix. That's what we can also add. And you can see it's doing it in here with a wild card. And um yeah, let's see what it what it comes up with. So it seems like it already installed all of that. Now it's probably going to go through all of the components and check if we are using this problematic image component or what was it? The layout fill variable. Yep, it's doing it right now. So it's replacing that. And as you can see um you can see the changes live and follow them. So this is really cool. I mean here you don't see the changes but if you go to version control and you click on that you can see the changes that it did directly which is absolutely great. So this is why I love to use VS code in the combination with that or you can use cars if you wanted to. Okay. So now it consulted the specialist again to double check or it's actually letting it handle the upgrade. Uh now it wants to run the development server. Let it let's let it run it. Uh getting weak in the English language when I'm not recording YouTube videos regularly. And I don't know why it's sometimes timing out. probably some Nex.js server is still running in the background which is highly possible. So I let it also automatically kill the processes if it wants to. And now it's running a build to check if anything crashes and I also want to allow that permanently. Let's see if we can get through there. I'm really interested to see if this will be a oneshot and it actually did everything correctly. So instead of layout fill here, we have to now use style object fit cover. I'm sure there is a better way of doing that. And now it's running npm run lint as well, which is cool. Check for any linting errors. And we should be good to go after that to try it out locally if it's still working. And again, if you want to see what files changed, always go to source control or version control and you shall see that. So it also changed that in the support JSX component. It's the was the same issue with layout fill, but it's not relevant anyway because we are probably going to change the entire design of the page nevertheless. So, it's uh it's fine. Okay, here we have a summary of all the changes of what it did and um I think we should be good to run the development server. Now, it can break of course. It's a oneshot onep prompt solution right now. But if we going to open it, I'm actually pretty it looks pretty good. Yeah. And it's running upgraded dependencies to the latest versions. Okay. I just double checked. We are indeed on uh React 19. It's the latest React version. So um we'll see if we can get the upgrade specialist to also update our upgrade our project to React 19 without any issues. And again, I think I'm satisfied with this. I don't need the previous context for this next prompt. So, I'm going to clear the context. Again, um you have two options here. You can clear or you can compact the conversation, which keeps a summary of the context. Which actually in this case let's compact it because then uh it can at least see that we have gone through a series of uh dependency upgrades which might be helpful for the react 19 migration and I'm not sure what the react uh migration from 18 of 19 entails. I can't remember I did that several times uh but I cannot really remember. So we shall see. It created a summary here and it sent it to the next agent probably. Okay. Or it included it in the context. Um, so what we want to do now? So we have upgraded every dependency except React. We just upgraded to the latest React 18 version. Can we also upgrade to the latest React 19 version? Okay, plan mode. Again, shift tap just to make sure. Uh I really like the idea of plan mode. As I said, I almost always you use it right now because what the plan mode does is it gives you a summary of the changes it's going to do and it kind of like it's at least for me it's um it's useful to read through those uh proposed steps and uh what I do many times afterwards is for more complex topics than this is to uh don't start the implementation right after the planning But I get back to it and ask it about certain points like clarify point 2, why would you upgrade that or uh is there a better way of doing this point and so on and so forth. So you kind of going back and forth with the AI in the planning and you just refine it more. You can also say uh send this plan to this agent and let it approve or you get the idea. you can really improve this by uh optimizing the plan and I really like that because it also um it triggers something for me where I think more deeply about uh certain problems in some cases. Okay, so now it's actually searching if there are any compatibility issues uh of font awesome v6 and react 19 compatibility issues is really awesome. Um, it's checking all potential problems that could happen with uh re with with migrating to React 19, which I thought is just it's amazing. It's searching for breaking changes next and even a pages router migration guide because uh I think that's where it went from pages to the app directory if I'm not wrong. So that means it would need to do quite a bit of changes there. So it's interesting if we can get that to work. Came up with a plan here. So the upgrade to rag 19 update package JSON step one. Uh okay. Install dependencies. Test components for compatibility. Okay. Run development server. Test build process. Run linting. risk assessment low especially supports rec 19 compatible uh compatible with found a v6 pages router architecture is preserved. Yeah, you can actually still use the pages router in react 19. I just checked it out as well and there are no breaking changes expected and it actually estimated the time for 10 to 15 minutes which definitely not going to take that long. Um yeah, but let's uh go and accept auto edits once more. So, in the end, it should just update the version numbers here and then run npm install. I don't know what else it's going to do. It's going to test the components. Let's see how it's going to test it. Interesting. Now, it shouldn't ask anymore because we allowed it to run npm install by itself. And now we're going to also allow it because it has a slash with safe exact on the end. Probably that needs to have special uh confirmations. Okay, it's installed. Perfect. Now it's testing the component. However, it's doing that. Uh it's asking me again for npm rundev. Why ever it's already in the file and you know guys it's definitely it's everything is very new and they it seems like they're pushing updates five times per day to allow the um the cloud code vs code plugin. So there is lots of lots of movement going on at this moment. So you can expect to find bugs and see bugs and errors. Oh, I don't know how I tested the components right now if they still function, but it's running a build now, which is a good indicator for see to see if it's still working. And I run and verify there are no issues. Seems like it went through and seems like we can go ahead and test it. And PM run develop. Is it still working? Wonderful. Still working. My very crappy hover effect is also still working. That's very important to me. And don't forget that the main uh point of this video is actually to upgrade this design as well. So, we're going to do that next. But now, um this seems to be working just fine. And the last thing I want to do now is um to consult the senior engineer to look and approve all the changes that we did. to look at the proof perfect English So now it should invoke the venor and usually this is consuming a lot of tokens. Let's see how how many tokens it's consuming this time. Last time I consulted the the senior it took like 30 40k tokens. That's quite a lot. Um because it's doing extensive reviews. It really checks everything and it probably runs a lot of tools in the background. So it's already nine tools. what it using what it's using. It shouldn't be overly crazy here though because the repo uh the repository is so small. But let's see. It's even running npm run lint by its own again. Like we basically didn't change much. It might go ahead and criticize some of the crappy code that I wrote 3 years ago, which is highly possible. And this is crazy if you think about it. that I mean 3 years ago you had no AI coding tools. You you just had to do everything on your own like everything um get language diagnostic from VS Code. Okay, why not? So it's invoking a MCP server now. Actually it it hasn't it hasn't been using that so far. So that's cool. Already used 14 tools, so I expect the token usage to be very high. Again, I would just love to show you the current state of the studio. It's super empty. Nothing resembles the old studio. So, um, 21,000 tokens. Yep. Okay, it found some critical issues. Overall assessment approved with conditions. Code quality score 8.5 from 10. Oh my god, that's good. Uh, everything blah blah blah. Okay. Performance is really good. Uh, small bundle size up on second builds. Pages routing is optimal. Critical issues found. The review identified two critical security issues that need immediate attention. Uh missing security attributes, social media links and social links are missing target blank and r know if well is that really a critical security issue? Yeah, that's doesn't sound like it. Um performance optimization new ID generation currently on every render instead of being static. Uh would you like me to fix these critical issues now and make the code yes? Go ahead. Okay, critical issues. That's not a critical security issue, is it? No referral and target blank. That would be a new one for me. Uh, it's a critical SEO issue maybe, if any. So, let's see what it comes up with. Okay, it's just adding the area label. And actually exactly what it said, naming and security attributes. All right, let's see what it comes up with in terms of the UU ID generation. Probably generating some sort of state or whatever. Ah okay because we are invoking it every single time uh on every on every entry of the links array. Uh test all fixes and go ahead. Okay was interrupted there. Um let's look at that links. Ah, okay. It's rendering it like this now. All right. Well, good. I don't know why that uh messed up and I underlined everything, but anyway, it should be running. So, let's do a final test see if it's still working. That looks good to me. YouTube links, everything is still working. Great. All right. I think the uh dependency upgrade were a success and now we can go over and rework the design a bit. Uh but before we do that, we still or we not still we are going to actually um push these changes to start with a clean slate because now we did the uh cloud code integration which we generated the agents and we did the dependency upgrades and I think that's a good thing to commit uh and push already to the live system so we can see if it's actually working on the live side as well and uh then we can uh generate a different branch for the design changes that we are going to do. So first I'm going to check out a new branch. So we do um it's actually a chore and we do um update that. Okay. So and now instead of like writing a pull request uh writing a commit message by myself of course I'm going to use our helpful friend cloth here as well. So I say um write a commit message for all the changes we did. Comprehensive. It's not really necessary because we just did a dependency upgrade. It's but just to show you what it can do. It's checking the difference of the package JSON to make sure to include all the changes that we did. It's checking all the files. Now it's going to do get add dot to include all the files including clot uh md files that we have generated. And for this command for example for get at dot uh I prefer usually to be asked uh to approve that because it's just easier than to revert stuff that I didn't want to commit. Uh I just a personal preference. Okay, now we have added everything to this commit and now it's generating a commit message as it looks like and it's probably going to be very extensive because we did a lot of things. There we go. Oh my god, that's a lot of stuff. And uh yes, we want to proceed. We're going to read it over at GitHub. And yeah, it's checking the status. Everything is added. Uh, and that's it. Did all what we told it to do. So now we just just need to do a get push. And we need to do we can also just go here and click on publish branch. By the way, then we don't need to do the set upstream stuff. And then I just right click on here and go to open on GitHub. And there we go. And this is a extensive and very nice git commit message that you will never get from any developer ever. So I really like this to use uh I really like to use cloud to write extensive git commits. Um and it's actually saying Stephan Rose and cloud committed now. So yeah, that's how it is. Uh so upgrade to rag 19 enhanced security performance. Not very true with the performance with the with the security thing I think. But anyway, it wrote actually everything in here what we did code quality. It didn't write anything about the GLO integration. So that we created some agents I think but it's not that important. We see that they are there. So, um I'm just going to approve that real quick. And actually, we still need to create a pull request. Let's bring that over here that you can see it as well. So, we create the pull request here. All fine and good. And we want to hit it on master. But it's still our old repo which was still created with master instead of main. So we create the pull request there and then the live site should automatically update through GitHub on Netlifi where it's hosted in a couple of minutes. There's the Netifi preview bot already working um still open and we can actually cool thing on Netifi with this Netifi bot is it's going to now deploy a preview. So we haven't merged it yet into master and we can check if the preview side is still working as intended if there is any issues on the live side in case anything would come up on the netifi end. So it's always cool to first wait for this uh deploy preview and we can see there are some checks have not been uh successful on the netifi end. So we're going to check that out. Okay, there we go. So we have some issues with the header rules. done. Let's see. View details. And what does it say? Check the logs. Okay. Yep. Pages changed. Ah, okay. It says that some pages have changed. Let's see what it tells us here. Deploys. Why did it fail? Usually, we have more extensive logs over here. It's failed in the build process. And let's see where error message, but it actually was building. You're using note 16 for Nex.js. Uh okay, there we have the error. I think that's easily fixable. So, we go back to um CL and we clear the context. And I'm actually going to reset this window because this underlining stuff is going on my nerves. So, I'm going to uh just reopen it. Actually, that hasn't happened before since the latest uh plug-in update as it seems. Um after deploying on Netlifi, I got this build error at Netlifi. paste. It should easily figure out I know what the issue is but uh it should be figured it out very quickly. So it's creating a N form MRC file to tell which um node version Netifier should use. So it should be a very easy fix. And yes, we want to add that. Then we just say add. And for MRC to at least use node version 20. We also have to edit. We hit commit. And we sync the changes to our current branch. And um yes, yes, yes. If we go back to GitHub actually open on GitHub because we navigateated over to Netlifi it was closing it and then we go to pull requests and now it's already redeploying with the latest changes and um now it should not fail anymore but let's And those are all the things you need to work through. Uh I think it's good that you see that live and how I'm also like dealing with those errors. Most of the errors are pretty like common. If you work on multiple projects, they come up over and over again. So in case of this, I already knew that's going to be an issue with uh node. Um, but obviously Claude knew that too and fixed it very quickly. So now we can also go over to Netlify and check the latest deploys. Uh, it's building. It's already taking longer than it did before and I'm pretty confident it will run through now. Yeah, that looks already okay. Initialization is fine. And now it's running through the build, which should be very quickly when it's not failing. And we can see here it's using NextJS 15 4.5. It's already generated the pages. So we shouldn't receive any more node errors. There we go. Perfect. Uh solved the issue. And uh now we go back to here to demonstrate that for Netlifi. So Netlifi then makes a comment here with the latest commit uh latest deploy log and a deploy preview which is very cool. By the way, Versell is doing that too. So Netlify and Versel both are doing this. Now this is a preview of the live version of the app how it will look like once we merge the changes and it's going to redeploy after on the main branch and on the live side. So we're going to do that right now. We go back to GitHub and we just merge. Confirm the merge. And now another build process is going to be triggered over here on the master branch and our site will be live with these changes in just a second. Look, the changes have been published are live. So we have finished the initial boring part of this video. It took quite longer, much longer than I expected, but I hope it gave you some insights. And uh yeah, next up let's work on uh the actual things that we wanted to work on which is the um redesign of or improvement of the design of the page. So we are going to do that next. Okay. So, for the design, I actually want to Yeah, I want to try if we can almost almost one shot that. Um, or let's say see how much we can improve with a one shot. Um, yeah, I think we just go for it. It's really not that complicated. I mean, don't get me wrong, I like it. I like what I built there, but it's just it's not ugly, but like it's like Yeah, it could be better. I spent a lot of time with this uh scaling manually for mobile view and stuff like this. And I actually like how it turned out with this glass update and stuff. It's and it's coming back. Yeah, the glass thing comes back with the latest um Apple update. So, we could actually go for that and and dive all in on the on the glass thing. So, um let's see what we're going to do first. First, we're going to check out main ah master. That's weird to still use that. I haven't used that so long. Uh get pull to pull the latest changes. Now we are back in action. And what are we going to do next? Uh let's minimize that because we don't really need that much space here. So I'm going to um put that over here. And this one we put over here to fit it in. And um since we're going to do mobile first anyway, we don't need that much space. And we can actually go ahead and open the the mobile view directly, which is going to be difficult if you don't have that much space. Oh my god. Okay, let's squeeze it in here. Let's take a iPhone 12 Pro. Okay, looks good. We can go ahead and start. And the first thing as you guys already know I'm going to clear this context because this we don't need anymore at all for the next changes we are going to do. And then I'm going to also check out the new branch directly which is get checkout minus b uh feed uh it's not really a feature. It's more like a store uh update design. I know I know anything. This is just uh it's just a tiny project, so I don't really care about branch names. And then we're going to run PNPMdev. Actually, we don't even have PNPM installed, but it worked anyway. It know what to do. We have npm rundef. But yeah. Okay. We could also go to do uh to use npm instead of p uh pmppm instead of npm, which I prefer. But I'm not going to bore you with more back end stuff. So, we're going to open the page locally here, which hopefully still loads up. It does. Um, let's close that that we don't confuse it. And we need the same mobile. Nice. Okay. Very nice. There we go. So, um, what are we going to do first? Let's let's try to oneshot it. uh means we need to be very specific about what we want and what I want is okay let's tell it what to do we need to modernize this app that I have built in 2023 it's 2025 now and Apple just came out with the new glass look iOS OS update Google. let's um also do a similar design for this small app. Uh and make it as awesome as possible. Uh what else? What else do we need? make sure to develop mobile first. I'm quite drained. My bra my brain is quite drained. So, I can't come up with anything better right now. And I think we're just going to we're just going to hit it. Make sure to consult the UI specialist agent or whatever. I think it would do that automatically anyway, but just for planning purposes, let's consult the specialist guy. make sure to do it and then see what it'll come up with. Okay, so even it has the cloud MD file, it's still checking some extra stuff probably and it's actually, as you can see, it's searching web search Apple glass look iOS design update new visual style. Awesome. We could also go ahead by the way and just paste an image of how it looks like on iOS in here and it would understand that and it would be able to see it and would try to replicate it using um Tailwind and whatever it has available. Okay, now it's reading the CSS file and everything perfect comprehensive understanding now liquid glass design. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm really really looking forward to how this is going to turn out because I don't want to spend much time on that at all and I actually spent much more time than I wanted to. But uh since I'm going to be active on YouTube again as it seems like I need a functioning link tree. Okay. Oh wow, it came up with extensive plan here. Transform the app into a cutting edge 2025 experience. Oh yes, I like that. And okay, replace the gradient sophisticated glass layer background. That sounds cool. Implement dynamic frosted glass panels. Yeah, I like that. Uh, subtle particle light refle refraction effects. Okay. Create depth transform into floating glass orb. Oh, okay. Sweet. Um, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. hypography enhancements as well. I'm just like glancing over it. Okay, except auto edits. Let's go. Let's do it. Let's see what it comes up with. I just leave it to run for now and we'll check back with a surprise in a second. Hopefully with a positive one. I'm not going to interfere with anything. If some error comes up, you're going to see it. Just to show you that the agents are working. It just went ahead and invoked the Tailwind design manager. Um, yeah, but just to show you that it's actually invoking the agents that we have created. Okay, the refactor took a very long time. Actually, I'm surprised it took like 20 25 minutes and it used a lot of tokens. I'm even approaching my usage limit, which is rare, but I was surprised at how many uh sub aent invo invocations we got and uh how much tokens he spent. Was a lot of stuff that he did, but it seems like he did um there's a summary. You can pause the video and read through it if you wanted to. Um, but it did a lot of design uh adjustments and it did a lot of testing for mobile responsiveness and it did yeah lots of lots of changes as it seems like. So I'm curious as to see how that worked and um it seems like it has a great build size. Uh loading time is good. Mobile performance is even a battery battery aware glass effect. It did a lot of testing on the mobile end. Accessibility score is 100%, some highlights are mentioned here. Future proof, blah blah blah. Um, since it did so many changes, I kind of suspect that there will be at least one error when we started. Um, I already start the development server just now. And let's hit it. I suspect there will be something. Yeah, there we go. Uh this was to be expected because it did so many changes at the same time without we testing it. And this is probably something that wouldn't come up in a npm run build. Uh because it's a hydration. Yeah, it's a hydration error, right? Okay. So um instead of giving that back to him because we already approaching the usage limit, we are going to clear and um we are going to start a new context. By the way, if you ever cleared on accident or per accident, you can always do slash and uh do continue, I think. Uh no, actually it was um it was uh if you start cloud again and you do cloud in the terminal and then minus minus continue or something like that. So, it's possible to continue something if you cancel it. Um and by the way that's cancelling uh control seeing out of uh cloud code by accident. If you want to stop some process and you completely leave CL uh cloud and you are back in the terminal then you can continue it with running cloth minus minus continue. So a little bit different but just wanted to clarify that. Um okay so we did a refactor and now we have this error. and it uh copied the entire hydration error in here. So, it should basically be able to fix that pretty reliably. Um, and it's also the only error here. So, we should be able to get that fixed. Yeah, it's related to UU ID for V4. yeah. Okay, the U ID is anyway not that important with these links because we can just might as well just remove them and just put some hardcoded uh some hardcoded uh IDs in there. Yeah, exactly like this. That's a good call. Okay, seems like the error is fixed. Uh it's checking if your ID is used somewhere else. No, it isn't. And Holy crap. Do you guys see that? It looks amazing. It's really floating. Look at that. I have to tell it to stop to run pnpm or npm rundev because it always wants to do that even it's already running in the background. Uh anyway, it's just running linting stuff. This looks pretty pretty insane. Like for a one shot. Look how smooth the transition is and the shades and everything. Oh my god, this is really good. I'm really surprised. And the buttons are working on the whole box. That's important. Cool. Wow. Oh my god. Look at the social links, guys. It even has some sparkling effect. That's insane. Uh I know you can see it. It was hidden behind my stupid face. Uh wow. Okay. Well, I'm I'm very positively surprised with that. I like this floating orb thing. How it's bouncing up and down. Wow. Okay. Uh let's check out the how it looks on like real mobile. Okay, it's a little bit there is some potential to optimize it here. Uh this does not look really good. Uh this is too too cramped in here. It's too large. So we have to do some optimization in here. Uh, let's see how it looks on full. Yeah, this is very awesome. I like it. And guys, don't forget it was a one shot. So, that was uh for that it's in. Look how smooth that is. This glass effect. That's so cool. And the background is like kind of a crazy version of the background we had before. There's some like a square that's turning and wow. Okay, I'm flashed. Um, okay. We can scroll too far down and it seems so there are some issues here. You can see that I can scroll down and then it although it's an arrow. It's kind of cool again. Look at that. It's the square thing. Uh, yeah. I like it. Anyway, I really like this effect where it's like a sparkling thing, but I already seen a few bugs like the YouTube writing uh the subtitle was not visible anymore on mobile. We go on a mobile device, we cannot see it. Oh, now it's actually seen. Um, so there are some optimization that we need to do which I will do without you because this will be like a little bit of a trial and error thing, but I think I got the point across and the point I wanted to get across is that we can do stuff like this very easily. Uh, if you just have the right setup, if you know how to use agents, if you know how to use cloud code as a tool in your toolbox, uh, and if you know how to orchestrate and tell him what to do and how to do it. So you have to do a little little bit of extra orchestration but um yeah I think this has shown how useful it is and um yeah we will still work on some impro uh improvements here and uh then I will present you with the final result on yeah you can check it out on the live site anytime if you want to compare it once more how it looked and how it looks now. I think that's a huge improvement. Still some stuff that can be done, of course, but uh for a oneshot prompt, I really like it. And uh well, you can look forward to the final version uh once I have that published. And when the video is live, the final version will be live as well. Um, yeah. I think that's it for that video. I'm not sure what else to put in there. Um, you can see there are also still some errors, little bit of stuff going on in the background that needs fixing. Uh, which we will handle pretty I'm pretty confident very easily. And uh, yeah, it turned out to be a very long first video after that long time. Uh, but I enjoyed shooting it. I hope you also enjoyed watching it. Um, do let me know if you like this. I have already a couple of very fun ideas uh of stuff what we can build uh in my head and um yeah, I hope to see you guys back. Don't forget to subscribe, give the video a thumbs up, and also check out easyearnings tracker.com which will launch this Sunday. If you need some cool tracking software, uh, hit me up in the comments or DM me on Twitter if you need a discount code. Uh, I give away the first 100 subs for a discount of like 50%. For my YouTube subscribers, so check that out if you will. Okay, guys. Thanks for watching. I hope it was useful and I hope to see you back in the next video. Until then, and the next one, I promise, will be better quality again once I'm back in my old studio. See you.