Language: en We all know that AI can write code, but can it really build real productionready software? Can I follow a professional agile workflow with a product manager, an architect, a developer, and even a QA team? Well, today I'm going to show you how to build an entire AI agile development team that does exactly that. We're going to go beyond simple code generation to manage the entire development process from an idea to deployment using a simple powerful workflow called breakthrough method for agile AIdriven development. We're also known as BMAD. You will see how the specialized AI agents take on different roles to brainstorm ideas, plan the architecture, code the implementation, and even test the full application. So by the end of this video, you will know how to manage your own AI team to build complex software and system using this agile AIdriven development tool step by step. So with that being said, if you're interested, let's get into it. All right, so first thing first, we're going to set up our AI coding IDE. And my choice here is COLM. You get only $10 per month combined with the best coding large language model in one single tool. So once we sign up for the account, you can see that there is a com here for AI assisted co-editor. So we're going to click on this download this on our local machine. So here I'm using Mac. So I have this already set up. But once you open this, you can see that on the right we have our code mode which here you can see we have our chat and also the agent mode. So chat which we can be able to ask any questions. And here on the agent mode we can be able to make any changes by simply giving instructions to the coding agents. And what's really cool about this product is that here at the bottom we can be able to choose whichever models for the AI models to use for the coding agents. things like communicate 2, sonet 4, obus 4, any latest models that we have. And here we also have our chat mode which we can be able to interact with our co-m in chat mode interface. So here you can see we can also have the route LM. So it's going to route our questions to a particular model based on the questions that we have. So here for example if I were to test by saying top MC servers for AI, it's going to route to GPT4.1 and here you can see it's searching the web. Here's the result we get. And here we can also create a new chat also look through the past conversation that we have on the left panel here. All right. So let's try with some practical example. So let's say if we were to run into an error like this in a console mpm run bill you can see we have a bill error. So how do we fix this? We reference this in our code agents here. And then here we can change to different models like sonnet for opus for whatever right and here we can be able to tell or give instructions to fix it. And as a result you can see that the bill failure has completely resolved. And if you were to look at the terminal, you can see whenever we run mpm run build, you can see the build has passed. And if you were to look at the chat here, you can see that it's able to fix itself and verify the changes that it made. Here you can see it's able to run mpm run build and check to see if it fixed the issue. So here you can see these are the terminal sessions that it started. So for example, this session right here, you can see it run npm run build, find the fix or find an issue, then it's going to resolve that issue and run the npm run build again. Eventually we get to a point where everything's passed. And so far I have been using this coding ID for my developments and it's been pretty promising so far. So I will continue to use this coding IDE for the remaining of this video. All right. So next thing we're going to do is we're going to take a look at the repository for BMAT method. So BMAT basically stands for breakthrough method for agile AIdriven development. So basically you can see if we were to scroll down it tells you exactly how to install this. So we simply just copy this command and install this based on each project that we have. So here you can see inside of our project directory in a terminal I'm just going to run this command and I'm going to say yes to proceed. And here you can see we're going to provide the full path to our project directory. So to get the full path we use pwd command and if you're wondering how I be able to know this command I simply just asked in the chat in our colm and is able to give you the answer or the exact command that you can run. So here I'm just going to paste my directory. All right. So then here we're just going to select BMAD agile core system. So we're going to select this to install and update. And the other one here we're going to use to get multiple files for the PRD file. And then also for architecture documents will be also sharded into multiple files as well. So we're going to say yes to this as well. And here we can also select which ID we want to configure. So for example we can select with Gemini code assist clock cursor and also client as well. Here we're just going to enter this. And here it's also asking if we want to include the pre-built web bundle for these. I'm just going to say no to that. And here we're just going to enter this. All right. So now you can see that we have everything set up and now if I were to look at my project directories you can see that it creates a couple things. All right. So first thing first you can see that it creates the BMAT core which is the BMAT agile system. Here includes all the details about the templates the workflow the task everything. And here we also have different configurations for different IDEs that we have for for example we have claude client cursor Gemini and so on. And since we're using colm we can also set up the rules inside of our gear icon here. So if we were to click on the settings you can see that here we have rules and you can see that these are the rules that it defines and pretty much these rules are from cursor rules which here you can see the files are end with MDC. So colm here can be able to identify that these are the rules and is able to share the same rules for the cursor ID configurations and we can be able to use those rules inside of this IDE as well. And if we were to open this you can see that these are rules that we have from cursor rules which is also shared and used in this IDE. Now before we get to the next part, let's give a quick shout out to the sponsor of this video, Brover. By Rover has built a central memory layer for modern dev teams using coding agents. Now chances are you have been in this situation. You're coding with an AI IDE like cursor or clock code and you have spent all your time carefully describing your project context, but the next day when you start a new session, all of the knowledge is gone and you have to waste time explaining everything from scratch or maybe you're working with your team. But all the valuable lessons from past interactions, the best practices, the bug fixes are all siloed. They aren't shared across the team. So your colleagues agents keeps making the same mistake over and over again. And you know that basic rule files like claw.md file just aren't enough for the massive codebase. Or maybe you start in cursor, switch over to Gemini CLI or any other agents and none of that context carry over. But bite over here solves all that. What if your AI agents can actually remember all that context permanently? With Bite Rover, your project knowledge is saved. Everything from highle programming concepts to specific business logics, past interactions, bug fixes, even the model's own reasoning steps. This gives your agents maximum context, enabling smarter, more accurate code as your project grows. You can think of it as a unified memory layer shared across all your favorite coding IDs like cursor, clock code, VS code, and more. So, it scales right alongside your codebase. For all my fellow open source fans, Brover just launched Cipher, an open- source memory layer that you can plug directly into your IDE with zero configuration. Both of these tools are designed to make your coding agents more intelligent and genuinely useful. It's completely free to get started, so to check out the link in the description to try it out. All right. So once we set up for the installation for the IDE here, we're going to take a look at how we can be people to use BMAT for the entire full stack agile development. Now here all we have to do just simply follow documentation. So first thing first we're going to get the bundle save or clone this full stack team file. And here's the full stack team file that it referencing. So basically we're just going to save this. All right. So here inside of Gemini I basically attached the team full stack file. And here I'm just going to ask it to follow this instructions step by step. Now here you can see it first activate the BMAT method framework and here you can see it gives you the core commands that you can run. So also things like the agent task management commands things like choose a different specialized agents based on a problem. And here's also the workflows. We can be able to start a specific workflow. We can also try to get a personalized workflow based on our needs. And here if we were to scroll down there's also a list of specialist agents that we can choose. So things like business analyst, product manager, UX experts, architects or also even product owners and so much more. So things like when to use them, what are their abilities and here if you were to scroll down these are the available workflows that we can choose. So things like we can build things from scratch to a full stack web applications or if you just want to build it backend first or the front end, we can also choose that. But if you have an existing project, for example, enhancing the existing fullstack project with new features, modifications and so on, we can choose the brownfield full stack. So that's what I did. I basically choose the workflow brownfield full stack project for the enhancement. So here you can see that's the command that I choose using the actual command. It starts to introduce me to a business analyst called Mary. And here you can see I start asking some questions on what are the plan I have. And basically here I choose implement a major enhancement with multiple features or potential architectural changes. So that's what I choose which is number three. And here the business analyst start ask me some questions on what's the current system architecture doc or any prd files that I can read and understand what the project is about. So basically I have attached my REMI file, the PRD file also the visual improvements on the improvements that I made recently for this project which I basically sent to the business analyst and here you can see is able to read the read me file for the application features and text stack also the structure for the project and is also able to read the PRD file to understand the project vision the functional requirements and the metrics that we also have the visual improvements on what are the things that we made recently for the cam board applications that we made for my last video and And here you can see it switched towards a different specialist for product manager once it knows the business requirements. So here it's going to pass the torch to a product manager here to scope out the nest set of features for the chem board application. And here you can see it started asking me the new set of capabilities that we're looking to add. And here you can see I basically write a detailed prompt for the features that we want to add for this project. And I basically utilizing the AI here to write a prompt. I simply give it initial prompt and it's going to refine that. Then it's going to generate a better prompt based on the initial prompt that I have. Then I basically use the prompt that they gave me and then I'm going to pass it to the product manager here. Then it's going to read through the product requirements for the nest phase. Then it starts to formalize a new PRD file for the structure plan. So first thing first it start to analyze the projects and context. So it tells us about the current state of the project also the available documentations and then here it starts give you the enhancement scope on things that is going to enhance for nest phase for the new features. So things like integrations with the API for Gmail and then there's also the major feature addition for the labelbased canban as summarizations and potentially a new UI for the CAM board. And then here's the goals for the backgrounds and context. So usually what I do here is I would just copy this come back to another agent. I'm just going to reference this. And here we're just going to ask this agents to give a reviews on what this product manager creates. So here we're just going to send this request and let it do its review. Okay. So here you can see I was using sonet 4 here to create a feedback on the brown field prd file that the PM generates. So here you can see it highlights the strength and also highlights the areas improve and here it also gives you a recommended prd file for the enhancement. So here what I did here is I basically instruct it to write the feedback on the brownfield prd file analysis in a markdown file. So here I have the markdown file here. I'll accept the change. And then here what I'll do here is I'll basically attach the feedback and ask it to give me a revision for the PRD for the PRD file. So now it's going to regenerate the PRD file based on the feedback that we give which is so important for this process because whenever we try to follow the agile framework development each stage here is very critical. All right. So here you can see it give us a revision for the requirement section on section two and it also give you the technical requirements and also the compatibility requirements and so on. All right. So once we confirm this we will proceed to the map out the detail for the user experience. So we're going to say confirm. So now you can see it start to generate the user journeys and I was also follow the same process but copy this response and basically give it to the large language model here and it says yes the mapping accurately captures the critical user flows for the email integrations and is ready for the PRD file and here it tells us to confirm and proceed the risk assessment section. So here we're just going to say confirm, proceed to the risk assessment. And pretty much you can see that we're have AI here to generate the response, but also another AI here to review the response. So pretty much we're here to review the things that it generates and making sure that they're on the right track. So now you can see it generates the section 4 for the risk assessment and we're just going to follow the same process to pass the message here. See if there's any major enhancement that we want to make. But eventually we get to the point where the orchestrator will pass the torch to different AI specialists like analyst, PM, UX, architect and eventually to product owner who will implement the task. But here you can see I basically follow the same stuff that I mentioned right to use the BMAT workflow pass the response to a large language model try to review the response it generates and either approve or improve things that I mentioned. So eventually you can see we get to a point where BMAT orchestrator try to transition from planning architecture to development and implementation phase where we had a full PRD and architecture created. So here you can see I basically let it to create the full PRD and architecture spec based on the conversation that we have. And here because I'm using Gemini it's going to create a Google doc based on the architecture. So here I click on the file and I click on download for the markdown file specifically so that I can use that in the project repo and same thing for the PRD file here. I will follow the same process to download this and save that in our project directory. So here you can see I basically put the architecture MD file and also the PRD file inside of the docs folder so that we can be able to reference this whenever we try to make the implementation plan. Here you can see the first thing first we're going to do is we're going to use the product owner here to shard the PRD file and also the architecture file into the PRD folder and also the architecture folder. So it's going to read through the architecture and the PRD and shard it into different sections. And here you can see we're using the technical product owner here to review the requests and shard those different things. So here we're just going to accept the changes. All right. So after we save all that then what we can do is we can activate the scrum master agent. is going to create the story or the epics for each task it's going to do. So here you can see there's SM that's short for scrum master agent. So we're going to use that and here we're just going to use that command and inside of this there's a command called draft which will creating a story for the task that needs to be performed. So here I'm just going to use the draft command and to do the scrum master here Bob and Sam try to draft a story based on the shard prd and architecture documents that we have. And here you can see it's going to follow the create nest story guideline on how to create a story. First it's going to look for a folder called story which we don't have it. So it's going to create that story folder which is this one right here. And then here you can see first thing it's going to do is to gather the story requirements and the context things like the architecture context. It's going to look through these and it also going to verify the project structure the story template full context. Once we have the full context here uh we're going to create a story. So first it's going to give you a draft on what the story look like. So we're going to first create the Gmail account, right? So connect the Gmail account for user. So if you're a user, you want to connect my Gmail account with secure off flow. So that application can be able to access the emails and labels, right? So that's going to be the first task and it gives you the acceptance criteria and also task and also subtask related to that story. So once I'm satisfied with what they uh provided me, I can then be able to say confirm. And here you can see it start to create the story definitions based on that. So if we were to look at the story, you can see that creates a new file inside of that folder. And here you can see we can be able to view the story in a markdown file. So it's going to be connect Gmail account which currently in draft mode. But you can see that these are the requirements and this is a task breakdown for each of those task. So even though connecting Gmail account seems like just a button for Olaf connections but it breaks down to multiple steps for its job completion. Things like setting up the NestJS off modules, implement the secure token storage, create a TRPC authentication router, implement the air handling validations, adding the database migrations, testings and validations. So there's so many steps going into this to make this feature into a very detailed plan which we can see here. All right. So then once we have the plan for the story then it's time for us to use dev here to create our task right so to implement the task. So here we're just going to use dev here the MBC and if you were to run this just like how any developer start to do the implementation it's going to look through the tech stack understand the project first which you can see these are technology that I use and here you can see we can start to assign a task for it to start to perform. So here I'm just going to do 1.1. I'm going to assign this connect Gmail account task and it's going to start to do the first one. Before we start doing it, we have to mark the current status for a story from draft to approve. So we have to prove the task before we start to do this. So here I'm just going to approve this. And here we're just going to say it is approved. And now I start to update the story status. Begin the implementation. Awesome. So if you have been watching this far, I really appreciate it. It really takes a lot of effort to edit this video and also making this far. But so far you can see that I finished the entire story point 1.1 for connecting the Gmail account. And pretty much you can see it completes all tasks for the story 1.1. And here if you were to go back to the story you can see that currently the status is ready for review. So now what we can do is we can be able to use QA agent here to verify the changes that it made. So here we're just going to use qa.mmdc file. And here we're just going to let it to review and validate the changes that it made for 1.1 connecting Gmail account MD file. So we're just going to let it review this and validate it work. Awesome. So now you can see that it changed from ready for review to done. Basically what it done here is refactor some code and making sure to validate the changes. But pretty much you can see that we can simply use the PO here, product owner or scrum master here to create a story and use dev agent here to do the implementations and use QA to validate work and we can repeat that process until the project is fully finished. So that's pretty much the entire workflow for using BMAD. And be sure to check out the repository for the breakthrough method for agile airdriven development for more details. So, if you found value in this video, please make sure to like this video, consider subscribe for more content like this, but with that being said, I will see you in the next video.