Kind: captions Language: en weak, base, strong. Three levels of weak, base, strong. Three levels of weak, base, strong. Three levels of model control, simple, and beautiful. We model control, simple, and beautiful. We model control, simple, and beautiful. We now have access to the haik coup, now have access to the haik coup, now have access to the haik coup, sonnet, and opus models in our sub sonnet, and opus models in our sub sonnet, and opus models in our sub aents. In the background here, I have 12 aents. In the background here, I have 12 aents. In the background here, I have 12 sub aents operating across these three sub aents operating across these three sub aents operating across these three levels of intelligence, speed, and cost levels of intelligence, speed, and cost levels of intelligence, speed, and cost conducting crypto research for me. conducting crypto research for me. conducting crypto research for me. They're setting up my next big trade. They're setting up my next big trade. They're setting up my next big trade. Now, obviously not financial advice, but Now, obviously not financial advice, but Now, obviously not financial advice, but you can see here running 12 agents in you can see here running 12 agents in you can see here running 12 agents in parallel with different levels of parallel with different levels of parallel with different levels of compute, Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus, you compute, Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus, you compute, Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus, you and I are able to do more deep research and I are able to do more deep research and I are able to do more deep research and more wide research than we ever and more wide research than we ever and more wide research than we ever could before. The Claudeco team could before. The Claudeco team could before. The Claudeco team continues their blazing red hot streak continues their blazing red hot streak continues their blazing red hot streak as they ship another set of surgical as they ship another set of surgical as they ship another set of surgical minimal useful features. We have sub minimal useful features. We have sub minimal useful features. We have sub agent model selection, agent mentions, agent model selection, agent mentions, agent model selection, agent mentions, and hidden file mentions. We do have bad and hidden file mentions. We do have bad and hidden file mentions. We do have bad news though. We have new rate limits. news though. We have new rate limits. news though. We have new rate limits. Someone watching the Andy Dev Dan Someone watching the Andy Dev Dan Someone watching the Andy Dev Dan channel took the infinite agentic loop, channel took the infinite agentic loop, channel took the infinite agentic loop, parallelized it, and ran it 24/7 and parallelized it, and ran it 24/7 and parallelized it, and ran it 24/7 and ruined it for the rest of us. In this ruined it for the rest of us. In this ruined it for the rest of us. In this post, Anthropic mentioned something post, Anthropic mentioned something post, Anthropic mentioned something really, really interesting that caught really, really interesting that caught really, really interesting that caught my attention. We're committed to my attention. We're committed to my attention. We're committed to supporting longunning use cases through supporting longunning use cases through supporting longunning use cases through other options in the future. With the other options in the future. With the other options in the future. With the success of Claude Code and the Claude 4 success of Claude Code and the Claude 4 success of Claude Code and the Claude 4 series, you and I can bet that Enthropic series, you and I can bet that Enthropic series, you and I can bet that Enthropic is betting on highly agentic longrunning is betting on highly agentic longrunning is betting on highly agentic longrunning systems and models. So, I'm thinking systems and models. So, I'm thinking systems and models. So, I'm thinking ahead toward what Enthropic could be ahead toward what Enthropic could be ahead toward what Enthropic could be releasing next. But I have to say with releasing next. But I have to say with releasing next. But I have to say with all the excitement around cloud code, all the excitement around cloud code, all the excitement around cloud code, it's pretty clear engineers like you and it's pretty clear engineers like you and it's pretty clear engineers like you and I and now a decent portion of the Genai I and now a decent portion of the Genai I and now a decent portion of the Genai tech industry, we're all overexposed to tech industry, we're all overexposed to tech industry, we're all overexposed to claw code. We have too many eggs in one claw code. We have too many eggs in one claw code. We have too many eggs in one basket. This is bad investing. I don't basket. This is bad investing. I don't basket. This is bad investing. I don't think these rate limits are unfair at think these rate limits are unfair at think these rate limits are unfair at all, but it's woken me up. And maybe all, but it's woken me up. And maybe all, but it's woken me up. And maybe it's woken you up, too. We need cloud it's woken you up, too. We need cloud it's woken you up, too. We need cloud code alternatives. We have too many eggs code alternatives. We have too many eggs code alternatives. We have too many eggs in one basket, right? We're addicted. We in one basket, right? We're addicted. We in one basket, right? We're addicted. We need help. We're clawholics now. We need need help. We're clawholics now. We need need help. We're clawholics now. We need alternatives. Not because cloud code alternatives. Not because cloud code alternatives. Not because cloud code isn't great. It's because it's too isn't great. It's because it's too isn't great. It's because it's too great. With these new rate limits coming great. With these new rate limits coming great. With these new rate limits coming in, as they mentioned, it'll affect less in, as they mentioned, it'll affect less in, as they mentioned, it'll affect less than 5% of users, but you and I, we're than 5% of users, but you and I, we're than 5% of users, but you and I, we're probably in the 10 or 5%. And these rate probably in the 10 or 5%. And these rate probably in the 10 or 5%. And these rate limits are coming. All right. August limits are coming. All right. August limits are coming. All right. August 28th. It's kind of perfect timing that 28th. It's kind of perfect timing that 28th. It's kind of perfect timing that this came out with their brand new model this came out with their brand new model this came out with their brand new model selection feature. In this video, we're selection feature. In this video, we're selection feature. In this video, we're going to take a look at that because you going to take a look at that because you going to take a look at that because you can see across three versions. And you can see across three versions. And you can see across three versions. And you know, speaking of limits, right, there's know, speaking of limits, right, there's know, speaking of limits, right, there's my Opus limit coming up right here. But my Opus limit coming up right here. But my Opus limit coming up right here. But you can see across three versions, you you can see across three versions, you you can see across three versions, you know, I have Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus know, I have Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus know, I have Haiku, Sonnet, and Opus running the exact same prompt. We're running the exact same prompt. We're running the exact same prompt. We're going to dig into this so that we can going to dig into this so that we can going to dig into this so that we can understand that we don't always need the understand that we don't always need the understand that we don't always need the highest levels of compute to solve highest levels of compute to solve highest levels of compute to solve problems. The ability to select the problems. The ability to select the problems. The ability to select the right model for the job is ultra right model for the job is ultra right model for the job is ultra important. And I think this powerful important. And I think this powerful important. And I think this powerful weak base, strong model stack for agents weak base, strong model stack for agents weak base, strong model stack for agents is going to be a great way to navigate is going to be a great way to navigate is going to be a great way to navigate not just rate limits, but it's going to not just rate limits, but it's going to not just rate limits, but it's going to help us navigate costs, speed, and help us navigate costs, speed, and help us navigate costs, speed, and intelligence trade-offs. I've been intelligence trade-offs. I've been intelligence trade-offs. I've been thinking about this for a while as I thinking about this for a while as I thinking about this for a while as I continue to, you know, discuss, use, and continue to, you know, discuss, use, and continue to, you know, discuss, use, and really lean on cloud code, we're really lean on cloud code, we're really lean on cloud code, we're overlevered, right? Just like an overlevered, right? Just like an overlevered, right? Just like an investor has too much stock, too much of investor has too much stock, too much of investor has too much stock, too much of their portfolio in one tool. We have a their portfolio in one tool. We have a their portfolio in one tool. We have a lot of engineering resources, time, lot of engineering resources, time, lot of engineering resources, time, dependency on cloud code at this point. dependency on cloud code at this point. dependency on cloud code at this point. So with the release of Quinn3 coder 480 So with the release of Quinn3 coder 480 So with the release of Quinn3 coder 480 billion parameters everything that keeps billion parameters everything that keeps billion parameters everything that keeps shipping inside of the Gemini CLI right shipping inside of the Gemini CLI right shipping inside of the Gemini CLI right I'm keeping my eyes on all of these I'm keeping my eyes on all of these I'm keeping my eyes on all of these agentic coding tools all these agentic agentic coding tools all these agentic agentic coding tools all these agentic model developments and with uh the model developments and with uh the model developments and with uh the recent news that anthropic had to recent news that anthropic had to recent news that anthropic had to provoke open AAI's access to claude two provoke open AAI's access to claude two provoke open AAI's access to claude two things are very very clear to me now things are very very clear to me now things are very very clear to me now claw code has completely changed claw code has completely changed claw code has completely changed engineering and alternatives are on the engineering and alternatives are on the engineering and alternatives are on the way if you're an IND industry leader, way if you're an IND industry leader, way if you're an IND industry leader, you will always be copied and cloned. you will always be copied and cloned. you will always be copied and cloned. Cloud code is the industry leader for Cloud code is the industry leader for Cloud code is the industry leader for agentic coding. It is being copied and agentic coding. It is being copied and agentic coding. It is being copied and cloned all over the place. In upcoming cloned all over the place. In upcoming cloned all over the place. In upcoming videos, we're going to be looking and videos, we're going to be looking and videos, we're going to be looking and investigating, you know, some of these investigating, you know, some of these investigating, you know, some of these open source alternatives, some other open source alternatives, some other open source alternatives, some other closed source alternatives. It is time closed source alternatives. It is time closed source alternatives. It is time to diversify. All right, but you know, to diversify. All right, but you know, to diversify. All right, but you know, let's be super real. Uh, no one is close let's be super real. Uh, no one is close let's be super real. Uh, no one is close to cloud code. Let's keep cooking with to cloud code. Let's keep cooking with to cloud code. Let's keep cooking with the best agent coding tool in the game. the best agent coding tool in the game. the best agent coding tool in the game. Let's break down a few powerful agent Let's break down a few powerful agent Let's break down a few powerful agent orchestration patterns with sub aent orchestration patterns with sub aent orchestration patterns with sub aent model selection so we can use the right model selection so we can use the right model selection so we can use the right agent coding model for the job at hand agent coding model for the job at hand agent coding model for the job at hand while avoiding these new rate limits. My crypto research can run with this My crypto research can run with this My crypto research can run with this single slash command and it kicked off single slash command and it kicked off single slash command and it kicked off 12 agents. Right away we have to point 12 agents. Right away we have to point 12 agents. Right away we have to point out something really really important. out something really really important. out something really really important. Look at the time differences. Look at Look at the time differences. Look at Look at the time differences. Look at the token differences. These small, the token differences. These small, the token differences. These small, fast, cheap models are going to do less fast, cheap models are going to do less fast, cheap models are going to do less work for you, but they're going to do it work for you, but they're going to do it work for you, but they're going to do it in a short amount of time, while Sonnet in a short amount of time, while Sonnet in a short amount of time, while Sonnet and Opus are going to scale up the and Opus are going to scale up the and Opus are going to scale up the amount of tokens, the cost, and the time amount of tokens, the cost, and the time amount of tokens, the cost, and the time consumed. You can see it's writing this consumed. You can see it's writing this consumed. You can see it's writing this comprehensive summary for us with 12 comprehensive summary for us with 12 comprehensive summary for us with 12 output tool calls in parallel. Let's let output tool calls in parallel. Let's let output tool calls in parallel. Let's let our primary agent cook some more, and our primary agent cook some more, and our primary agent cook some more, and let's answer the question, what does let's answer the question, what does let's answer the question, what does model selection really offer you? model selection really offer you? model selection really offer you? Ultimately, it lets you solve two Ultimately, it lets you solve two Ultimately, it lets you solve two problems. model overkill, where you're problems. model overkill, where you're problems. model overkill, where you're wasting tokens and money, and model wasting tokens and money, and model wasting tokens and money, and model underperformance, where you waste time underperformance, where you waste time underperformance, where you waste time having to improve your prompt or fire having to improve your prompt or fire having to improve your prompt or fire off the larger, more powerful model off the larger, more powerful model off the larger, more powerful model after wasting time on the cheaper model. after wasting time on the cheaper model. after wasting time on the cheaper model. Okay, it's all about the tradeoff, Okay, it's all about the tradeoff, Okay, it's all about the tradeoff, right? We're always trading off three right? We're always trading off three right? We're always trading off three things when we're selecting our models: things when we're selecting our models: things when we're selecting our models: performance, speed, and cost. You can performance, speed, and cost. You can performance, speed, and cost. You can optimize for performance, you can optimize for performance, you can optimize for performance, you can optimize for speed, and you can optimize optimize for speed, and you can optimize optimize for speed, and you can optimize for cost. I always advocate that you for cost. I always advocate that you for cost. I always advocate that you want performance over everything else, want performance over everything else, want performance over everything else, right? This is why we spend to win. This right? This is why we spend to win. This right? This is why we spend to win. This is why we have that big claw code max is why we have that big claw code max is why we have that big claw code max $200 subscription, right? However much $200 subscription, right? However much $200 subscription, right? However much you can push it, you want to be pushing you can push it, you want to be pushing you can push it, you want to be pushing it for the compute. The compute is it for the compute. The compute is it for the compute. The compute is absolutely worth it. There's nothing absolutely worth it. There's nothing absolutely worth it. There's nothing more important in the generative AI age more important in the generative AI age more important in the generative AI age as an engineer than your ability to as an engineer than your ability to as an engineer than your ability to scale up compute and use it to solve scale up compute and use it to solve scale up compute and use it to solve real engineering problems. This is the real engineering problems. This is the real engineering problems. This is the name of the game. This is what every name of the game. This is what every name of the game. This is what every winning engineer is doing right now. I winning engineer is doing right now. I winning engineer is doing right now. I guarantee you that bar none. You know, guarantee you that bar none. You know, guarantee you that bar none. You know, when we double click into this, it's when we double click into this, it's when we double click into this, it's quite a simple equation, right? We have quite a simple equation, right? We have quite a simple equation, right? We have Hiku 3.5, our weak model. We have Sonnet Hiku 3.5, our weak model. We have Sonnet Hiku 3.5, our weak model. We have Sonnet 4, our balanced workhorse model. And 4, our balanced workhorse model. And 4, our balanced workhorse model. And then, of course, Opus 4. When you're then, of course, Opus 4. When you're then, of course, Opus 4. When you're solving real problems, when you're solving real problems, when you're solving real problems, when you're building out things and you want building out things and you want building out things and you want performance over everything, you choose performance over everything, you choose performance over everything, you choose the best model. And you can even push the best model. And you can even push the best model. And you can even push this further, right? Model selection is this further, right? Model selection is this further, right? Model selection is just layer one. The next layer is of just layer one. The next layer is of just layer one. The next layer is of course thinking, right? You can specify course thinking, right? You can specify course thinking, right? You can specify the information dense keyword the IDK the information dense keyword the IDK the information dense keyword the IDK think hard ultra think right anthropic think hard ultra think right anthropic think hard ultra think right anthropic has encoded this keyword for us so that has encoded this keyword for us so that has encoded this keyword for us so that in our prompts we can activate this in our prompts we can activate this in our prompts we can activate this feature whenever we need to right and I feature whenever we need to right and I feature whenever we need to right and I highly highly recommend if you're not highly highly recommend if you're not highly highly recommend if you're not doing this you need to be using this if doing this you need to be using this if doing this you need to be using this if you look at the charts if you go on you look at the charts if you go on you look at the charts if you go on artificial analysis if you run you know artificial analysis if you run you know artificial analysis if you run you know examples yourself 4 thinking beats opus examples yourself 4 thinking beats opus examples yourself 4 thinking beats opus 4 bass also of course opus 4 thinking 4 bass also of course opus 4 thinking 4 bass also of course opus 4 thinking beats sonet 4 thinking so that's a beats sonet 4 thinking so that's a beats sonet 4 thinking so that's a really important call out there are really important call out there are really important call out there are other dimensions of your model that you other dimensions of your model that you other dimensions of your model that you can push. This is the trade-off we're can push. This is the trade-off we're can push. This is the trade-off we're making when we're selecting models, when making when we're selecting models, when making when we're selecting models, when we're using models. And you know, we're using models. And you know, we're using models. And you know, there's a fourth kind of hidden there's a fourth kind of hidden there's a fourth kind of hidden dimension here. We also have to work dimension here. We also have to work dimension here. We also have to work against um APIs and rate limits here. against um APIs and rate limits here. against um APIs and rate limits here. This is kind of the hidden dimension. This is kind of the hidden dimension. This is kind of the hidden dimension. This is probably something we're going This is probably something we're going This is probably something we're going to want to add in the future as we scale to want to add in the future as we scale to want to add in the future as we scale up our compute and start running those up our compute and start running those up our compute and start running those big big long running, we're talking big big long running, we're talking big big long running, we're talking hours and hours and hours long hours and hours and hours long hours and hours and hours long engineering workflow. All right. Why are engineering workflow. All right. Why are engineering workflow. All right. Why are we hitting these rate limits more? we hitting these rate limits more? we hitting these rate limits more? What's going on, right? How are we able What's going on, right? How are we able What's going on, right? How are we able to scale up further? It's of course to scale up further? It's of course to scale up further? It's of course because of sub agents, right? We can now because of sub agents, right? We can now because of sub agents, right? We can now spin up multiple agents from our primary spin up multiple agents from our primary spin up multiple agents from our primary agent. We covered this in our last agent. We covered this in our last agent. We covered this in our last video. And now we have more compute than video. And now we have more compute than video. And now we have more compute than ever. And we can specify what our sub ever. And we can specify what our sub ever. And we can specify what our sub aents do. We can now write system aents do. We can now write system aents do. We can now write system prompts for our sub aents. Okay. So, we prompts for our sub aents. Okay. So, we prompts for our sub aents. Okay. So, we just had this crypto analysis run. I just had this crypto analysis run. I just had this crypto analysis run. I have a couple interesting ideas here have a couple interesting ideas here have a couple interesting ideas here that I want to share with you. All that I want to share with you. All that I want to share with you. All stemming from this crypto research stemming from this crypto research stemming from this crypto research custom/comand. All right. And so, you custom/comand. All right. And so, you custom/comand. All right. And so, you know, funnily enough, um I am at my rate know, funnily enough, um I am at my rate know, funnily enough, um I am at my rate limits for the day. This is kind of limits for the day. This is kind of limits for the day. This is kind of perfect timing. I'm glad I'm filming it perfect timing. I'm glad I'm filming it perfect timing. I'm glad I'm filming it right here. Uh rate limits are right here. Uh rate limits are right here. Uh rate limits are obnoxious. you know, I'm on that $200 obnoxious. you know, I'm on that $200 obnoxious. you know, I'm on that $200 plan, but you can still see here I am plan, but you can still see here I am plan, but you can still see here I am hitting rate limit. There is absolutely hitting rate limit. There is absolutely hitting rate limit. There is absolutely an argument for selecting the right an argument for selecting the right an argument for selecting the right model for the job, right? You don't model for the job, right? You don't model for the job, right? You don't always need top-end compute. And always need top-end compute. And always need top-end compute. And especially when we're deploying our especially when we're deploying our especially when we're deploying our agents into production environments, you agents into production environments, you agents into production environments, you want to use the right model for the job. want to use the right model for the job. want to use the right model for the job. You don't want to go overkill, right? You don't want to go overkill, right? You don't want to go overkill, right? Remember, model selection solves two Remember, model selection solves two Remember, model selection solves two problems. Model overkill and model problems. Model overkill and model problems. Model overkill and model underperformance. You want to hit that underperformance. You want to hit that underperformance. You want to hit that sweet spot if and when it matters. A lot sweet spot if and when it matters. A lot sweet spot if and when it matters. A lot of the time, you probably do this too, of the time, you probably do this too, of the time, you probably do this too, right? A lot of the times we just go right? A lot of the times we just go right? A lot of the times we just go model and we just go right to opus, model and we just go right to opus, model and we just go right to opus, right? I just want the best model and right? I just want the best model and right? I just want the best model and then you always throw on thinking mode then you always throw on thinking mode then you always throw on thinking mode and you let it operate at the highest and you let it operate at the highest and you let it operate at the highest possible intelligence level just to get possible intelligence level just to get possible intelligence level just to get the job done, right? Uh this is great. I the job done, right? Uh this is great. I the job done, right? Uh this is great. I do this all the time too. But as you're do this all the time too. But as you're do this all the time too. But as you're scaling up parallel sub agents, parallel scaling up parallel sub agents, parallel scaling up parallel sub agents, parallel agents, running multi- aent workflows, agents, running multi- aent workflows, agents, running multi- aent workflows, right? Ondevice and offdevice, um these right? Ondevice and offdevice, um these right? Ondevice and offdevice, um these rate limits, I think, are going to come rate limits, I think, are going to come rate limits, I think, are going to come into play more and more. Feel like rate into play more and more. Feel like rate into play more and more. Feel like rate limits have never truly been more limits have never truly been more limits have never truly been more important than with compute, right? important than with compute, right? important than with compute, right? because let's say you hit the daily or because let's say you hit the daily or because let's say you hit the daily or the weekly limit. Uh that's it, right? the weekly limit. Uh that's it, right? the weekly limit. Uh that's it, right? And this is also why it's so important And this is also why it's so important And this is also why it's so important for us to find alternatives. Anyway, for us to find alternatives. Anyway, for us to find alternatives. Anyway, more on that in the future. Make sure more on that in the future. Make sure more on that in the future. Make sure you're subscribed and like we're going you're subscribed and like we're going you're subscribed and like we're going to be investigating and benchmarking to be investigating and benchmarking to be investigating and benchmarking agentic coding tool alternatives. Um agentic coding tool alternatives. Um agentic coding tool alternatives. Um back to this prompt, right? Let's talk back to this prompt, right? Let's talk back to this prompt, right? Let's talk about model selection. So, let's go about model selection. So, let's go about model selection. So, let's go ahead and open up cursor. Let's ahead and open up cursor. Let's ahead and open up cursor. Let's understand this crypto research prompt. understand this crypto research prompt. understand this crypto research prompt. Couple new features coming out of the Couple new features coming out of the Couple new features coming out of the cloud code team. Let's just go ahead and cloud code team. Let's just go ahead and cloud code team. Let's just go ahead and pull up the official docs/re. And we pull up the official docs/re. And we pull up the official docs/re. And we have three important features to cover have three important features to cover have three important features to cover here. So we have agents with custom here. So we have agents with custom here. So we have agents with custom model support, appmentions for custom model support, appmentions for custom model support, appmentions for custom agents, and we have app meions for agents, and we have app meions for agents, and we have app meions for hidden files. This is super important. hidden files. This is super important. hidden files. This is super important. Now we can do something like this. And Now we can do something like this. And Now we can do something like this. And now we can see all of our cloud files. now we can see all of our cloud files. now we can see all of our cloud files. And do we have anything else here? Let's And do we have anything else here? Let's And do we have anything else here? Let's see. MCP, right? So now we can see our see. MCP, right? So now we can see our see. MCP, right? So now we can see our MCP file here. What's going on here? So MCP file here. What's going on here? So MCP file here. What's going on here? So I have a custom slash command that is I have a custom slash command that is I have a custom slash command that is kicking off 12 agents. And really it's kicking off 12 agents. And really it's kicking off 12 agents. And really it's kicking off four distinct solutions with kicking off four distinct solutions with kicking off four distinct solutions with three levels of agent each, right? three levels of agent each, right? three levels of agent each, right? Haiku, sonnet, opus. This is a great way Haiku, sonnet, opus. This is a great way Haiku, sonnet, opus. This is a great way to understand what model do I really to understand what model do I really to understand what model do I really need to solve this problem. Okay, so you need to solve this problem. Okay, so you need to solve this problem. Okay, so you can see they're working off a bunch of can see they're working off a bunch of can see they're working off a bunch of crypto agents doing crypto research, crypto agents doing crypto research, crypto agents doing crypto research, macro analysis, investment play ideas, macro analysis, investment play ideas, macro analysis, investment play ideas, so on and so forth, right? So we can go so on and so forth, right? So we can go so on and so forth, right? So we can go ahead and just collapse. Here's the ahead and just collapse. Here's the ahead and just collapse. Here's the prompt format we have here. Top level prompt format we have here. Top level prompt format we have here. Top level kind of purpose variables. We're just kind of purpose variables. We're just kind of purpose variables. We're just passing in a ticker. We have our agent passing in a ticker. We have our agent passing in a ticker. We have our agent groups. So we're defining, you know, groups. So we're defining, you know, groups. So we're defining, you know, what teams of agents are going to run. what teams of agents are going to run. what teams of agents are going to run. And then we have execution instructions. And then we have execution instructions. And then we have execution instructions. So this is, you know, I also like to So this is, you know, I also like to So this is, you know, I also like to call this workflow. And then we have our call this workflow. And then we have our call this workflow. And then we have our output format. So output format super output format. So output format super output format. So output format super important when you're writing these important when you're writing these important when you're writing these prompts. This forces your primary agent prompts. This forces your primary agent prompts. This forces your primary agent to communicate to you what you want your to communicate to you what you want your to communicate to you what you want your output format to be. And for your output format to be. And for your output format to be. And for your agents, it forces your agents to report agents, it forces your agents to report agents, it forces your agents to report their output. So right away you can see their output. So right away you can see their output. So right away you can see something interesting here in this something interesting here in this something interesting here in this system prompt for my crypto market system prompt for my crypto market system prompt for my crypto market agent. There's not much here. In fact, agent. There's not much here. In fact, agent. There's not much here. In fact, all I'm doing here is referencing all I'm doing here is referencing all I'm doing here is referencing another prompt. And so this is a pattern another prompt. And so this is a pattern another prompt. And so this is a pattern that I want to share with you here. You that I want to share with you here. You that I want to share with you here. You can have sets of agents at different can have sets of agents at different can have sets of agents at different levels, right? Different model levels, levels, right? Different model levels, levels, right? Different model levels, different descriptions, right? so that different descriptions, right? so that different descriptions, right? so that you can ABC test against one prompt, you can ABC test against one prompt, you can ABC test against one prompt, right? So, I think this is a really right? So, I think this is a really right? So, I think this is a really powerful pattern. It's also useful so powerful pattern. It's also useful so powerful pattern. It's also useful so that you can test this on your primary that you can test this on your primary that you can test this on your primary agent, right? Instead of it just being agent, right? Instead of it just being agent, right? Instead of it just being one system prompt inside a specific one system prompt inside a specific one system prompt inside a specific agent, you can test multiple prompts agent, you can test multiple prompts agent, you can test multiple prompts against multiple agents. Now, you do against multiple agents. Now, you do against multiple agents. Now, you do have to keep in mind this is still the have to keep in mind this is still the have to keep in mind this is still the system prompt, right? So, what we have system prompt, right? So, what we have system prompt, right? So, what we have here is a system prompt, right? And you here is a system prompt, right? And you here is a system prompt, right? And you can see here we have that output format can see here we have that output format can see here we have that output format from our agent system prompt. The key from our agent system prompt. The key from our agent system prompt. The key thing here is that you know, let me copy thing here is that you know, let me copy thing here is that you know, let me copy this uh reference here. You can see for this uh reference here. You can see for this uh reference here. You can see for our three agents, Hiku, Opus, Sonnet, our three agents, Hiku, Opus, Sonnet, our three agents, Hiku, Opus, Sonnet, we're using this exact same prompt. So we're using this exact same prompt. So we're using this exact same prompt. So here's Hiku, here's Opus. You can see here's Hiku, here's Opus. You can see here's Hiku, here's Opus. You can see all that change there. Let's go back and all that change there. Let's go back and all that change there. Let's go back and forth. All that's changing there is our forth. All that's changing there is our forth. All that's changing there is our model color and agent name, right? So model color and agent name, right? So model color and agent name, right? So this lets us again ABC test our model this lets us again ABC test our model this lets us again ABC test our model and our description. Okay, this is cool. and our description. Okay, this is cool. and our description. Okay, this is cool. Inside of each one of these prompts, we Inside of each one of these prompts, we Inside of each one of these prompts, we are of course doing specific crypto are of course doing specific crypto are of course doing specific crypto analysis, crypto research. So let's go analysis, crypto research. So let's go analysis, crypto research. So let's go ahead and open up macro ahead and open up macro ahead and open up macro cryptocorrelation. You know, inside of cryptocorrelation. You know, inside of cryptocorrelation. You know, inside of this prompt, let's go ahead and just this prompt, let's go ahead and just this prompt, let's go ahead and just open this up. We have, you know, classic open this up. We have, you know, classic open this up. We have, you know, classic prompt format, purpose, instructions, prompt format, purpose, instructions, prompt format, purpose, instructions, workflow, output. You are a macro crypto workflow, output. You are a macro crypto workflow, output. You are a macro crypto correlation analysis expert. Here we correlation analysis expert. Here we correlation analysis expert. Here we want to understand how global macro want to understand how global macro want to understand how global macro plays into the traditional market. Of plays into the traditional market. Of plays into the traditional market. Of course, we have instructions and then we course, we have instructions and then we course, we have instructions and then we have our workflow. We're at our have our workflow. We're at our have our workflow. We're at our step-by-step play for the sub aent. step-by-step play for the sub aent. step-by-step play for the sub aent. Always remember this is the system Always remember this is the system Always remember this is the system prompt we're operating in here when prompt we're operating in here when prompt we're operating in here when we're calling sub aents. And you know, we're calling sub aents. And you know, we're calling sub aents. And you know, just to make this super clear, we just to make this super clear, we just to make this super clear, we covered this in our previous sub aent covered this in our previous sub aent covered this in our previous sub aent video from last week. You are prompting video from last week. You are prompting video from last week. You are prompting your primary agent. Your primary agent your primary agent. Your primary agent your primary agent. Your primary agent is prompting your sub agents. Your sub is prompting your sub agents. Your sub is prompting your sub agents. Your sub agents are responding to your primary agents are responding to your primary agents are responding to your primary agent, not to you. The flow of agent, not to you. The flow of agent, not to you. The flow of information matters here, especially information matters here, especially information matters here, especially when you start scaling up to, and we've when you start scaling up to, and we've when you start scaling up to, and we've covered this, multi- aent workflow covered this, multi- aent workflow covered this, multi- aent workflow orchestration where you have multiple orchestration where you have multiple orchestration where you have multiple prompts firing off back to back to back. prompts firing off back to back to back. prompts firing off back to back to back. It all feeds into your primary agents It all feeds into your primary agents It all feeds into your primary agents context window. Okay? It doesn't return context window. Okay? It doesn't return context window. Okay? It doesn't return to you. So when you read these agent to you. So when you read these agent to you. So when you read these agent prompts, right, we have a bunch of prompts, right, we have a bunch of prompts, right, we have a bunch of underscore agent_prompt. underscore agent_prompt. underscore agent_prompt. MD, these are all returning to your MD, these are all returning to your MD, these are all returning to your primary agent. And so that's why we have primary agent. And so that's why we have primary agent. And so that's why we have this and we if we go up to the top level this and we if we go up to the top level this and we if we go up to the top level crypto research, we have this output crypto research, we have this output crypto research, we have this output format call on the top level crypto format call on the top level crypto format call on the top level crypto research. Right? This is that top level research. Right? This is that top level research. Right? This is that top level prompt that we executed to kick off our prompt that we executed to kick off our prompt that we executed to kick off our 12 agents across three different models. 12 agents across three different models. 12 agents across three different models. Their output format here is really Their output format here is really Their output format here is really important. So, we're taking each important. So, we're taking each important. So, we're taking each response directly with no modifications, response directly with no modifications, response directly with no modifications, no summarizations, and no changes. Okay, no summarizations, and no changes. Okay, no summarizations, and no changes. Okay, super important. Again, we're super important. Again, we're super important. Again, we're referencing anthropics encoded keyword referencing anthropics encoded keyword referencing anthropics encoded keyword important. We're prefixing this with important. We're prefixing this with important. We're prefixing this with important so our agent pays more important so our agent pays more important so our agent pays more attention to it. And then we have our attention to it. And then we have our attention to it. And then we have our output format. All right, so now we output format. All right, so now we output format. All right, so now we should be able to just find these, should be able to just find these, should be able to just find these, right? So, if we open this up, collapse right? So, if we open this up, collapse right? So, if we open this up, collapse everything. And we go into outputs, you everything. And we go into outputs, you everything. And we go into outputs, you can see we have two files here, 10 5614. can see we have two files here, 10 5614. can see we have two files here, 10 5614. Here we go. There are all of our Here we go. There are all of our Here we go. There are all of our prompts. You can see it's in that exact prompts. You can see it's in that exact prompts. You can see it's in that exact same format as specified. And then we same format as specified. And then we same format as specified. And then we can take a look at each level. Okay. And can take a look at each level. Okay. And can take a look at each level. Okay. And so this is the really important part, so this is the really important part, so this is the really important part, right? Every level matters, right? You right? Every level matters, right? You right? Every level matters, right? You don't always need opus for certain don't always need opus for certain don't always need opus for certain things. You don't always need sonnet, things. You don't always need sonnet, things. You don't always need sonnet, but you can see in some cases you can but you can see in some cases you can but you can see in some cases you can drop all the way down to a cheap fast drop all the way down to a cheap fast drop all the way down to a cheap fast haiku model. Let's see if for something haiku model. Let's see if for something haiku model. Let's see if for something like a cryptocoin analyzer. Do a like a cryptocoin analyzer. Do a like a cryptocoin analyzer. Do a sidebyside here. So that's haiku. Here's sidebyside here. So that's haiku. Here's sidebyside here. So that's haiku. Here's opus. Here's sonnet. You know, very opus. Here's sonnet. You know, very opus. Here's sonnet. You know, very clearly the haiku model is having a clearly the haiku model is having a clearly the haiku model is having a problem. It's having a challenge with problem. It's having a challenge with problem. It's having a challenge with the format. And if we open up our the format. And if we open up our the format. And if we open up our cryptocoin prompt and go down to our cryptocoin prompt and go down to our cryptocoin prompt and go down to our output format, you can always check for output format, you can always check for output format, you can always check for model strength by looking to see if it model strength by looking to see if it model strength by looking to see if it can obey your output formats. So we're can obey your output formats. So we're can obey your output formats. So we're looking for output in this structure, looking for output in this structure, looking for output in this structure, cryptocurrency analysis. And you can see cryptocurrency analysis. And you can see cryptocurrency analysis. And you can see here right away IU goes off the rails, here right away IU goes off the rails, here right away IU goes off the rails, right? If we move over to sonnet, we can right? If we move over to sonnet, we can right? If we move over to sonnet, we can see that it's not exact, but it gets a see that it's not exact, but it gets a see that it's not exact, but it gets a lot closer. We have, you know, market lot closer. We have, you know, market lot closer. We have, you know, market data, recent news and developments. data, recent news and developments. data, recent news and developments. There's the market data and if we search There's the market data and if we search There's the market data and if we search for news, you can see we have a news for news, you can see we have a news for news, you can see we have a news section here on sonnet, right? So, this section here on sonnet, right? So, this section here on sonnet, right? So, this looks better, right? We can work with looks better, right? We can work with looks better, right? We can work with this. Um, if we go to Opus, however, and this. Um, if we go to Opus, however, and this. Um, if we go to Opus, however, and search for that exact header, we can see search for that exact header, we can see search for that exact header, we can see we're getting that exact header. And we're getting that exact header. And we're getting that exact header. And this is a really important call out, this is a really important call out, this is a really important call out, right? If you want maximum performance, right? If you want maximum performance, right? If you want maximum performance, you always scale it up to that top you always scale it up to that top you always scale it up to that top model, right? You pay to play. And this model, right? You pay to play. And this model, right? You pay to play. And this is something I see some engineers are so is something I see some engineers are so is something I see some engineers are so scared to spend. they're so scared to, scared to spend. they're so scared to, scared to spend. they're so scared to, you know, use that maximum compute and you know, use that maximum compute and you know, use that maximum compute and really pay to play. This is a massive really pay to play. This is a massive really pay to play. This is a massive advantage. Understanding what the advantage. Understanding what the advantage. Understanding what the maximum capabilities are and getting the maximum capabilities are and getting the maximum capabilities are and getting the advantage of using them will set you advantage of using them will set you advantage of using them will set you ahead. It'll break you away from the ahead. It'll break you away from the ahead. It'll break you away from the pack. When I want to use the best, I pack. When I want to use the best, I pack. When I want to use the best, I don't hesitate. Okay? You can even push don't hesitate. Okay? You can even push don't hesitate. Okay? You can even push that further. Of course, as you know, that further. Of course, as you know, that further. Of course, as you know, you can add thinking to these models. you can add thinking to these models. you can add thinking to these models. You can force them to think more. Use You can force them to think more. Use You can force them to think more. Use their reasoning effort. Increase their reasoning effort. Increase their reasoning effort. Increase intelligence even further. Of course, intelligence even further. Of course, intelligence even further. Of course, you're going to spend more to do this, you're going to spend more to do this, you're going to spend more to do this, right? they're still generating those right? they're still generating those right? they're still generating those tokens even if you can't see them. And tokens even if you can't see them. And tokens even if you can't see them. And you want to be especially careful with you want to be especially careful with you want to be especially careful with this with sub agents, right? Because this with sub agents, right? Because this with sub agents, right? Because this stuff is still happening. You want this stuff is still happening. You want this stuff is still happening. You want to be making sure that you're using the to be making sure that you're using the to be making sure that you're using the value of your top level agents, value of your top level agents, value of your top level agents, specifically your opus agents or specifically your opus agents or specifically your opus agents or whatever your strong model is. Make sure whatever your strong model is. Make sure whatever your strong model is. Make sure you're getting value out of this. Don't you're getting value out of this. Don't you're getting value out of this. Don't be wasteful with this stuff. Unless be wasteful with this stuff. Unless be wasteful with this stuff. Unless you're learning something or you're learning something or you're learning something or experimenting, you really want to, you experimenting, you really want to, you experimenting, you really want to, you know, use these models with a clear know, use these models with a clear know, use these models with a clear purpose. All right, keep that in mind, purpose. All right, keep that in mind, purpose. All right, keep that in mind, too. And always remember, you can push too. And always remember, you can push too. And always remember, you can push the model further with thinking mode. the model further with thinking mode. the model further with thinking mode. Just to mention it, uh, Sonic 4th Just to mention it, uh, Sonic 4th Just to mention it, uh, Sonic 4th thinking is very, very powerful, right? thinking is very, very powerful, right? thinking is very, very powerful, right? More broadly, this pattern of having a More broadly, this pattern of having a More broadly, this pattern of having a weak base and strong model for your weak base and strong model for your weak base and strong model for your agent model stack is super powerful, agent model stack is super powerful, agent model stack is super powerful, right? It's super important because you right? It's super important because you right? It's super important because you don't always need Opus, right? Sometimes don't always need Opus, right? Sometimes don't always need Opus, right? Sometimes you're just summarizing some work, so you're just summarizing some work, so you're just summarizing some work, so you can drop down to a simple model. And you can drop down to a simple model. And you can drop down to a simple model. And this applies across model providers, this applies across model providers, this applies across model providers, right? Gemini Flash Light, 2.5 Flash, right? Gemini Flash Light, 2.5 Flash, right? Gemini Flash Light, 2.5 Flash, 2.5 Pro, and then, you know, there are 2.5 Pro, and then, you know, there are 2.5 Pro, and then, you know, there are bigger levels above and below. Gemini bigger levels above and below. Gemini bigger levels above and below. Gemini just put out their deep think model, just put out their deep think model, just put out their deep think model, while OpenAI has 03 Pro. They have their while OpenAI has 03 Pro. They have their while OpenAI has 03 Pro. They have their new agent model and they have apparently new agent model and they have apparently new agent model and they have apparently GPT5. We'll see about that. I think this GPT5. We'll see about that. I think this GPT5. We'll see about that. I think this is a great pattern for you to kind of is a great pattern for you to kind of is a great pattern for you to kind of select models and use the right model, select models and use the right model, select models and use the right model, right? It's all about that PF speed cost right? It's all about that PF speed cost right? It's all about that PF speed cost trade-off and you know the kind of trade-off and you know the kind of trade-off and you know the kind of hidden layer rate limits. We're scaling hidden layer rate limits. We're scaling hidden layer rate limits. We're scaling up our compute across multiple up our compute across multiple up our compute across multiple dimensions. Now, if you want to scale, dimensions. Now, if you want to scale, dimensions. Now, if you want to scale, it's pretty clear that reusable prompts it's pretty clear that reusable prompts it's pretty clear that reusable prompts aka custom/comands and sub agents is the aka custom/comands and sub agents is the aka custom/comands and sub agents is the way to scale up your compute and get way to scale up your compute and get way to scale up your compute and get more work done than ever. So, this is a more work done than ever. So, this is a more work done than ever. So, this is a powerful agent pattern you can use. You powerful agent pattern you can use. You powerful agent pattern you can use. You have your top level agent calling a have your top level agent calling a have your top level agent calling a custom SL command. Here we're doing custom SL command. Here we're doing custom SL command. Here we're doing crypto research. This fires off many sub crypto research. This fires off many sub crypto research. This fires off many sub aents, right, across different model aents, right, across different model aents, right, across different model levels and then it takes the results and levels and then it takes the results and levels and then it takes the results and refuses them, right, in a big way. We're refuses them, right, in a big way. We're refuses them, right, in a big way. We're just doing what we've done for years on just doing what we've done for years on just doing what we've done for years on the channel, prompt chaining and fusion the channel, prompt chaining and fusion the channel, prompt chaining and fusion chaining. Okay, we've covered this stuff chaining. Okay, we've covered this stuff chaining. Okay, we've covered this stuff a long time ago before reusing models a long time ago before reusing models a long time ago before reusing models even existed. Inside of your agents, you even existed. Inside of your agents, you even existed. Inside of your agents, you can do something really powerful. You can do something really powerful. You can do something really powerful. You can create dedicated agent prompts to can create dedicated agent prompts to can create dedicated agent prompts to reuse across different agents to reuse across different agents to reuse across different agents to understand what model performance you understand what model performance you understand what model performance you really need. That looks like this. If we really need. That looks like this. If we really need. That looks like this. If we go into agents, we go into crypto, you go into agents, we go into crypto, you go into agents, we go into crypto, you can see we have cryptocoin analyzer can see we have cryptocoin analyzer can see we have cryptocoin analyzer haiku. We have the exact same version haiku. We have the exact same version haiku. We have the exact same version for sonnet. Right? There's that sonnet. for sonnet. Right? There's that sonnet. for sonnet. Right? There's that sonnet. And we have the exact same version for And we have the exact same version for And we have the exact same version for opus as well. So it's all just a small opus as well. So it's all just a small opus as well. So it's all just a small tweak to understand what model you tweak to understand what model you tweak to understand what model you really need for the job you're doing. really need for the job you're doing. really need for the job you're doing. And this is why it's so important to And this is why it's so important to And this is why it's so important to isolate your prompt for your sub agents. isolate your prompt for your sub agents. isolate your prompt for your sub agents. This is just a pattern. It's an idea This is just a pattern. It's an idea This is just a pattern. It's an idea that you can use. And another advantage that you can use. And another advantage that you can use. And another advantage here is of course we can just hop into a here is of course we can just hop into a here is of course we can just hop into a new agent and we can just fire this new agent and we can just fire this new agent and we can just fire this prompt off oursel right on the top prompt off oursel right on the top prompt off oursel right on the top level. Okay? You know whenever you want level. Okay? You know whenever you want level. Okay? You know whenever you want to you can understand what your prompt to you can understand what your prompt to you can understand what your prompt is doing and how it performs by just is doing and how it performs by just is doing and how it performs by just running it on the top level. Right? So running it on the top level. Right? So running it on the top level. Right? So here we can just run our cryptocoin here we can just run our cryptocoin here we can just run our cryptocoin analyzer agent and actually we need to analyzer agent and actually we need to analyzer agent and actually we need to pass in a uh let's do B&B. This is a pass in a uh let's do B&B. This is a pass in a uh let's do B&B. This is a great way to understand what your prompt great way to understand what your prompt great way to understand what your prompt does end to end and to make tweaks to it does end to end and to make tweaks to it does end to end and to make tweaks to it by running it on the top level right in by running it on the top level right in by running it on the top level right in your primary agent. A lot of things get your primary agent. A lot of things get your primary agent. A lot of things get lost when you're running sub aents. So lost when you're running sub aents. So lost when you're running sub aents. So you can use this dedicated agent prompt you can use this dedicated agent prompt you can use this dedicated agent prompt pattern to understand, you know, what pattern to understand, you know, what pattern to understand, you know, what model you really need for the job. The model you really need for the job. The model you really need for the job. The way I look at it is a lot of my simpler way I look at it is a lot of my simpler way I look at it is a lot of my simpler tasks where we're just generating unique tasks where we're just generating unique tasks where we're just generating unique names for files where we're doing some names for files where we're doing some names for files where we're doing some small file moving, some file migration, small file moving, some file migration, small file moving, some file migration, some quick summarizations. Haiku 3.5 can some quick summarizations. Haiku 3.5 can some quick summarizations. Haiku 3.5 can do a lot of that stuff, right? In fact, do a lot of that stuff, right? In fact, do a lot of that stuff, right? In fact, you probably have seen, you know, this you probably have seen, you know, this you probably have seen, you know, this little popup here from cloud code. Guess little popup here from cloud code. Guess little popup here from cloud code. Guess who's running that? This is a ha coup who's running that? This is a ha coup who's running that? This is a ha coup model making up, you know, a relevant model making up, you know, a relevant model making up, you know, a relevant one-word description, right? The perfect one-word description, right? The perfect one-word description, right? The perfect example for that, right? You don't need example for that, right? You don't need example for that, right? You don't need a big model to do that. You need a big model to do that. You need a big model to do that. You need something fast and cheap and simple. So, something fast and cheap and simple. So, something fast and cheap and simple. So, that's a small example of how you can that's a small example of how you can that's a small example of how you can use a small fast model and avoid using a use a small fast model and avoid using a use a small fast model and avoid using a bigger, stronger model, right? Even like bigger, stronger model, right? Even like bigger, stronger model, right? Even like Sonnet 4. Then there's of course the Sonnet 4. Then there's of course the Sonnet 4. Then there's of course the Sonet 4. This is a workhorse model, Sonet 4. This is a workhorse model, Sonet 4. This is a workhorse model, right? This is our base level model. right? This is our base level model. right? This is our base level model. This is going to be a great balance. I This is going to be a great balance. I This is going to be a great balance. I think a lot of work happening right now think a lot of work happening right now think a lot of work happening right now is coming out of Sonet 4. It's funny to is coming out of Sonet 4. It's funny to is coming out of Sonet 4. It's funny to think about, you know, what model is think about, you know, what model is think about, you know, what model is responsible for the most code in the responsible for the most code in the responsible for the most code in the world. And I think right now it's very world. And I think right now it's very world. And I think right now it's very clearly sonnet 4. And then of course we clearly sonnet 4. And then of course we clearly sonnet 4. And then of course we have opus, right? When you're doing have opus, right? When you're doing have opus, right? When you're doing serious work, when you're putting the serious work, when you're putting the serious work, when you're putting the pellet to the metal, you use opus 4 and pellet to the metal, you use opus 4 and pellet to the metal, you use opus 4 and you scale it with thinking mode, right? you scale it with thinking mode, right? you scale it with thinking mode, right? I do this all the time. Any complex I do this all the time. Any complex I do this all the time. Any complex work, any, you know, serious engineering work, any, you know, serious engineering work, any, you know, serious engineering work, production work, opus for think, work, production work, opus for think, work, production work, opus for think, burn up the tokens, hit the right burn up the tokens, hit the right burn up the tokens, hit the right limits, it doesn't matter. The compute limits, it doesn't matter. The compute limits, it doesn't matter. The compute is there for you to use, right? And so is there for you to use, right? And so is there for you to use, right? And so we can take all these models, we can we can take all these models, we can we can take all these models, we can take them in thinking mode, we can embed take them in thinking mode, we can embed take them in thinking mode, we can embed them in sub aents and scale them up, them in sub aents and scale them up, them in sub aents and scale them up, right? And so in the end we get right? And so in the end we get right? And so in the end we get something like this, right? A powerful something like this, right? A powerful something like this, right? A powerful multi- aent orchestration workflow. This multi- aent orchestration workflow. This multi- aent orchestration workflow. This is just one simple example of work is just one simple example of work is just one simple example of work happening. All feeds back into the happening. All feeds back into the happening. All feeds back into the primary agent. Primary agent can then primary agent. Primary agent can then primary agent. Primary agent can then execute on all that work, right? This is execute on all that work, right? This is execute on all that work, right? This is just one workflow. Again, we covered just one workflow. Again, we covered just one workflow. Again, we covered this in our previous week's video. I'll this in our previous week's video. I'll this in our previous week's video. I'll make sure to link that. You want to make sure to link that. You want to make sure to link that. You want to understand the model controls. You want understand the model controls. You want understand the model controls. You want to understand your tool and you want to to understand your tool and you want to to understand your tool and you want to understand what you can do with them. understand what you can do with them. understand what you can do with them. Right? every week here. That's what Right? every week here. That's what Right? every week here. That's what we're pushing toward. Understanding the we're pushing toward. Understanding the we're pushing toward. Understanding the best agent coding tools so that we can best agent coding tools so that we can best agent coding tools so that we can build systems that work for us while we build systems that work for us while we build systems that work for us while we sleep. That's always been the focus. sleep. That's always been the focus. sleep. That's always been the focus. It's always been the mission of this It's always been the mission of this It's always been the mission of this channel. We're going to build living channel. We're going to build living channel. We're going to build living software that works for us while we software that works for us while we software that works for us while we sleep. We're getting closer than ever sleep. We're getting closer than ever sleep. We're getting closer than ever with cloud code, with these incredible with cloud code, with these incredible with cloud code, with these incredible longrunning jobs and sub agents. But we longrunning jobs and sub agents. But we longrunning jobs and sub agents. But we also need to make sure that you know also need to make sure that you know also need to make sure that you know when rate limits pop up when the next when rate limits pop up when the next when rate limits pop up when the next set of restrictions or you know whatever set of restrictions or you know whatever set of restrictions or you know whatever comes next we need to make sure we can comes next we need to make sure we can comes next we need to make sure we can diversify. So you know again as you know diversify. So you know again as you know diversify. So you know again as you know this is like my 15th cloud code video in this is like my 15th cloud code video in this is like my 15th cloud code video in a row unprecedented for this channel but a row unprecedented for this channel but a row unprecedented for this channel but um I follow and focus on the signal of um I follow and focus on the signal of um I follow and focus on the signal of the best tool for the job right now for the best tool for the job right now for the best tool for the job right now for engineering. There's no better tool than engineering. There's no better tool than engineering. There's no better tool than cloud code but we need to make sure we cloud code but we need to make sure we cloud code but we need to make sure we diversify. We can't be so reliant on a diversify. We can't be so reliant on a diversify. We can't be so reliant on a single tool on a single set of models, single tool on a single set of models, single tool on a single set of models, right? We have to make sure that we can right? We have to make sure that we can right? We have to make sure that we can do more. We have to make sure that, you do more. We have to make sure that, you do more. We have to make sure that, you know, we have other agent coding tools. know, we have other agent coding tools. know, we have other agent coding tools. So, I'm keeping an eye out for that, So, I'm keeping an eye out for that, So, I'm keeping an eye out for that, right? We just had that Quinn 3 drop. We right? We just had that Quinn 3 drop. We right? We just had that Quinn 3 drop. We have Gemini CLI improving all the time. have Gemini CLI improving all the time. have Gemini CLI improving all the time. And then we have a bunch of open source And then we have a bunch of open source And then we have a bunch of open source alternatives that I'm going to give a alternatives that I'm going to give a alternatives that I'm going to give a serious sit down to really soon here. If serious sit down to really soon here. If serious sit down to really soon here. If you've reached out or emailed, I'm going you've reached out or emailed, I'm going you've reached out or emailed, I'm going to be covering a lot of the open source to be covering a lot of the open source to be covering a lot of the open source agent coding tools coming up here and agent coding tools coming up here and agent coding tools coming up here and comparing them, doing really concrete comparing them, doing really concrete comparing them, doing really concrete comparisons to the industry leader, comparisons to the industry leader, comparisons to the industry leader, Cloud Code. Don't underestimate the Cloud Code. Don't underestimate the Cloud Code. Don't underestimate the power of model selection, right? Our power of model selection, right? Our power of model selection, right? Our crypto research agents did a ton of crypto research agents did a ton of crypto research agents did a ton of research for us. We can look at Opus big research for us. We can look at Opus big research for us. We can look at Opus big plays, right? Let's go into markdown plays, right? Let's go into markdown plays, right? Let's go into markdown format. Crypto play report, strong format. Crypto play report, strong format. Crypto play report, strong bullish momentum, XRP, interesting, bullish momentum, XRP, interesting, bullish momentum, XRP, interesting, right? SEC settlement rally. Thesis, right? SEC settlement rally. Thesis, right? SEC settlement rally. Thesis, there's an execution, right? Right. So there's an execution, right? Right. So there's an execution, right? Right. So we have this interesting bullc case. All we have this interesting bullc case. All we have this interesting bullc case. All this interesting research, right? Salana this interesting research, right? Salana this interesting research, right? Salana DeFi ecosystem. Okay. Huge huge return DeFi ecosystem. Okay. Huge huge return DeFi ecosystem. Okay. Huge huge return on investment. Again, not investment on investment. Again, not investment on investment. Again, not investment advice. Uh we're just looking at some of advice. Uh we're just looking at some of advice. Uh we're just looking at some of the results that our agents created for the results that our agents created for the results that our agents created for us. Okay. Crypto investment agent us. Okay. Crypto investment agent us. Okay. Crypto investment agent prompt. If we look at the uh response prompt. If we look at the uh response prompt. If we look at the uh response format once again, we can see that Opus format once again, we can see that Opus format once again, we can see that Opus is obeying the prompt output format very is obeying the prompt output format very is obeying the prompt output format very well. We can open up the equivalent well. We can open up the equivalent well. We can open up the equivalent sonnet version. And you can see sonnet sonnet version. And you can see sonnet sonnet version. And you can see sonnet is getting close here as well. Um, it is getting close here as well. Um, it is getting close here as well. Um, it also has this, you know, little header also has this, you know, little header also has this, you know, little header here which we didn't ask for. But here which we didn't ask for. But here which we didn't ask for. But overall, you know, looks like Sonnet is overall, you know, looks like Sonnet is overall, you know, looks like Sonnet is doing the job for the crypto investment doing the job for the crypto investment doing the job for the crypto investment plays idea, right? You know, it has a plays idea, right? You know, it has a plays idea, right? You know, it has a play here, crypto accumulation at key play here, crypto accumulation at key play here, crypto accumulation at key supports. You know, it's identified some supports. You know, it's identified some supports. You know, it's identified some dip spots for us to come into, right? We dip spots for us to come into, right? We dip spots for us to come into, right? We have our kill criteria, right? This is a have our kill criteria, right? This is a have our kill criteria, right? This is a concrete section we ask for from this concrete section we ask for from this concrete section we ask for from this template. This looks great. We have template. This looks great. We have template. This looks great. We have Ethereum liquid staking opportunity, Ethereum liquid staking opportunity, Ethereum liquid staking opportunity, six-month time frame, so on and so six-month time frame, so on and so six-month time frame, so on and so forth, right? And then we can drop all forth, right? And then we can drop all forth, right? And then we can drop all the way down to Haiku. You can see here the way down to Haiku. You can see here the way down to Haiku. You can see here haiku way off. This problem is too haiku way off. This problem is too haiku way off. This problem is too complicated for haiku. Right? And this complicated for haiku. Right? And this complicated for haiku. Right? And this pattern repeats across the rest of our pattern repeats across the rest of our pattern repeats across the rest of our analysis. Right? So this is one more analysis. Right? So this is one more analysis. Right? So this is one more idea that you can add to your toolbox idea that you can add to your toolbox idea that you can add to your toolbox when you're agent coding. Use the right when you're agent coding. Use the right when you're agent coding. Use the right model for the job. Isolate your system model for the job. Isolate your system model for the job. Isolate your system prompts so that you can run them against prompts so that you can run them against prompts so that you can run them against any model that you want. And make sure any model that you want. And make sure any model that you want. And make sure you are diversifying. I love cloud code you are diversifying. I love cloud code you are diversifying. I love cloud code just as much as the next engineer. We just as much as the next engineer. We just as much as the next engineer. We were one of the first channels to cover were one of the first channels to cover were one of the first channels to cover it. But um drop a like and a comment if it. But um drop a like and a comment if it. But um drop a like and a comment if you were here before and during the you were here before and during the you were here before and during the early days of covering Claude Code. It's early days of covering Claude Code. It's early days of covering Claude Code. It's not over. It's definitely not over. not over. It's definitely not over. not over. It's definitely not over. Claude Code is an incredible tool. The Claude Code is an incredible tool. The Claude Code is an incredible tool. The team is shipping back to back to back. team is shipping back to back to back. team is shipping back to back to back. But we have to think as independent But we have to think as independent But we have to think as independent actors. We can't overinvest into one actors. We can't overinvest into one actors. We can't overinvest into one tool. Okay, this is a really balanced tool. Okay, this is a really balanced tool. Okay, this is a really balanced take out of Enthropic. these weekly take out of Enthropic. these weekly take out of Enthropic. these weekly limits had to get set into place because limits had to get set into place because limits had to get set into place because yes, people are abusing this incredible yes, people are abusing this incredible yes, people are abusing this incredible tool with 24/7 hour in the background tool with 24/7 hour in the background tool with 24/7 hour in the background agents and agent workflows. But um you agents and agent workflows. But um you agents and agent workflows. But um you know it's important that we diversify, know it's important that we diversify, know it's important that we diversify, right? Every single day we have more and right? Every single day we have more and right? Every single day we have more and more options emerging. Quinn 3 coder more options emerging. Quinn 3 coder more options emerging. Quinn 3 coder Gemini CLI with the new Gemini models Gemini CLI with the new Gemini models Gemini CLI with the new Gemini models pretty crazy you know anthropic getting pretty crazy you know anthropic getting pretty crazy you know anthropic getting kind of defensive here around the API kind of defensive here around the API kind of defensive here around the API we'll see how that progresses a hend we'll see how that progresses a hend we'll see how that progresses a hend coding tools will continue to evolve as coding tools will continue to evolve as coding tools will continue to evolve as well as the models but what remains the well as the models but what remains the well as the models but what remains the same is of course the principles of AI same is of course the principles of AI same is of course the principles of AI coding keep your eyes on the big three coding keep your eyes on the big three coding keep your eyes on the big three context model and prompt understand how context model and prompt understand how context model and prompt understand how to use these three elements to solve to use these three elements to solve to use these three elements to solve problems that you face because if you problems that you face because if you problems that you face because if you master these you will master Genai no master these you will master Genai no master these you will master Genai no matter the current drama no matter the matter the current drama no matter the matter the current drama no matter the current rate limits no matter the models current rate limits no matter the models current rate limits no matter the models All right, stick to the principles of AI All right, stick to the principles of AI All right, stick to the principles of AI coding. I'll be starting the countdown coding. I'll be starting the countdown coding. I'll be starting the countdown for the phase 2 aentic coding course for the phase 2 aentic coding course for the phase 2 aentic coding course very very soon. I'll be locking in a very very soon. I'll be locking in a very very soon. I'll be locking in a release date for that. So stay tuned for release date for that. So stay tuned for release date for that. So stay tuned for that. If you made it to the end, drop a that. If you made it to the end, drop a that. If you made it to the end, drop a comment and let me know what you think comment and let me know what you think comment and let me know what you think about the current agentic coding about the current agentic coding about the current agentic coding ecosystem and these brand new rate ecosystem and these brand new rate ecosystem and these brand new rate limits around cloud code. If you're limits around cloud code. If you're limits around cloud code. If you're experimenting with alternatives, let me experimenting with alternatives, let me experimenting with alternatives, let me know what you're working with and I'll know what you're working with and I'll know what you're working with and I'll use that as a great starting place. No use that as a great starting place. No use that as a great starting place. No matter what, stay focused and keep matter what, stay focused and keep matter what, stay focused and keep building.